             ________   _          _          ________   ________
            |  ______| | |        | |        |__    __| /  ______\
            | |___     | |        | |           |  |    | |   __
            |  ___|    | |        | |           |  |    | |  |_ \
            | |______  | |______  | |______   __|  |__  | |____\ |
            |________| |________| |________| |________| \________/
           _           ________________________________   _________
          | |         |                                | |  _   _  |
          | |_______  |                                | | | | | | |
          |  _______| |        Intelligent Qube        | | | |_| | |
          | |         |                                | | |     | |
          |_|         |      FAQ/Puzzle Solutions      | |_|     |_|
           _________  |                                |  _________
          |_____   _| |    (North American release)    | |_____    |
              _-'_-'  |                                |     _-'_-'
           _-' -'___  |           _          _         |  _-'  '___
          |_________| |       by |_| Syonyx |_|        | |_________|
           _       _  |                                |          _
          | |     | | |                                |         | |
          | |_____| | |                                |  _______| |
          |  _____  | |          Version 1.1           | |_______  |
          | |     | | |                                |         | |
          |_|     |_| |________________________________|         |_|
                   ________   _      _   _______   ________
            ***** /  ____  \ | |    | | |  __   \ |  ______| *****
            ***** | |    | | | |    | | | |__|  / | |___     *****
            ***** | |    | | | |    | | |  __  &lt;  |  ___|    *****
            ***** | |____| | | |____| | | |__|  \ | |______  *****
            ***** \____   _/ \________/ |_______/ |________| *****
                       \_ \_
                         \__|
_____________________                                             _____________
  TABLE OF CONTENTS                                                 GAME INFO

1.0 Introduction                                        Title: Intelligent Qube
      1.1 How to use this guide                      Platform: Sony Playstation
2.0 Playing the game                          ESRB Rating: K-A (Kids to Adults)
      2.1 Controls                                              Developer: Sony
      2.2 Overview                                              Publisher: Sony
      2.3 Rules                                    Release Date (NA): 30-Sep-97
      2.4 Scoring
      2.5 Tips and Tricks
3.0 Puzzle Solutions                                             ______________
      3.0.1 Legend/key                                             GUIDE INFO
  3.1 FIRST STAGE
       3.1.1 Waves 1&amp;2 (4x2 puzzles)                             Author: Syonyx
       3.1.2 Wave 3 (4x3 puzzles)                                Version #: 1.1
       3.1.3 wave 4 (4x4 puzzles)                       Version date: 27-Nov-06
  3.2 SECOND STAGE
       3.2.1 Waves 1&amp;2 (4x5 puzzles)
       3.2.2 Waves 3&amp;4 (4x6 puzzles)
  3.3 THIRD STAGE                              ** To jump to any section, press
       3.3.1 Wave 1 (5x4 puzzles)                 ctrl-F and enter the section
       3.3.2 Wave 2 (5x5 puzzles)                 number. **
       3.3.3 Waves 3&amp;4 (5x6 puzzles)
  3.4 FOURTH STAGE
       3.4.1 Waves 1&amp;2 (5x7 puzzles)
       3.4.2 Waves 3&amp;4 (5x8 puzzles)
  3.5 FIFTH STAGE
       3.5.1 Waves 1&amp;2 (6x6 puzzles)
       3.5.2 Waves 3&amp;4 (6x7 puzzles)
  3.6 SIXTH STAGE
       3.6.1 Waves 1&amp;2 (6x8 puzzles)
       3.6.2 Waves 3&amp;4 (6x9 puzzles)
  3.7 SEVENTH STAGE
       3.7.1 Waves 1&amp;2 (7x7 puzzles)
       3.7.2 Waves 3&amp;4 (7x8 puzzles)
  3.8 EIGHTH STAGE
       3.8.1 Wave 1 (7x8 puzzles)
       3.8.2 Waves 2&amp;3&amp;4 (7x9 puzzles)
  3.9 FINAL STAGE
       3.9.1 All waves (7x9 puzzles)
4.0 Game menus and options
      4.1 Main menu
      4.2 Options menu
      4.3 Pause menu
5.0 Closing info
      5.1 How this guide was created
      5.2 Legal info
      5.3 Contact info


#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#
                             ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                               1.0 INTRODUCTION
                             ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#

Greetings to all Qubists!  I am Syonyx, and this is my guide to the time-
sucking fiend that is Intelligent Qube.  This deceptively simple puzzle game
requires quick thinking and quicker reflexes to master, lest you be crushed
under the endless waves of rolling Qubes sent by mysterious aliens to test the
mettle of the human race.  Though dated, this game still proves unique and
challenging.  I have undertaken a daunting task here, and that is to catalogue
the thousands of puzzles (around 3400) that make up the game, providing a
'best' solution for each.  Is it worth the time?  Am I insane for doing this?
Perhaps, but you get to reap the benefits regardless, so don't go complaining.

Please note that THIS GUIDE COVERS THE NORTH AMERICAN RELEASE ONLY.  Out of the
versions released around the world, we on Turtle Island got the skimpiest, with
fewer play modes (e.g. no survival mode) and fewer characters.  Not possessing
another version, I cannot vouch for how well this guide might apply to them,
but I would imagine that the stock of puzzles would be identical.
Nevertheless, please be aware of this caveat.

   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     1.1 HOW TO USE THIS GUIDE
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If you're relatively new to I.Q., you may want to scan the gameplay information
below, but really, your best resource is the instruction manual that came with
your game, or the tutorial mode available by choosing 'Rules' from the main
menu screen.  Within this guide, of particular interest is the tips and tricks
section, with both legitimate strategies and questionable glitch-exploiting
tactics for maximizing your score.

Assuming that you've played the game before, you'll probably want to skip right
to the puzzle solutions, or more likely the solution to a particular puzzle
that is pestering you.  In order to list the puzzles, I have had to devise some
sort of logical ordering system.  In this solutions guide, they are listed
first by size, then based on the arrangement of Qubes in the front row of the
puzzle, where each type of Qube (forbidden, advantage, and normal) is given a
number value as follows:

          Forbidden Qube (black) = '0'
                     Normal Qube = '1'
          Advantage Qube (green) = '2'

To illustrate this, use the following example puzzle:

[_][_][_][_]        [_] = Normal Qube
[_][_][*][_]        [X] = Forbidden Qube
[X][*][X][_]        [*] = Advantage Qube

This puzzle would be classified as '4x3 Puzzle 0201'. (The wise player will of
course know that the "front" row refers to the bottom one, as the puzzle
approaches you on the playing field.)

The basic format for all puzzle listings will be:

                    'A'x'B' Puzzle '####'

    where A = width of puzzle (number of Qubes from left to right)
          B = depth of puzzle (number of Qubes from top to bottom)
          #### = coded order of blocks in the first row.

So you can search for your puzzle by pressing Ctrl-f and entering the
appropriate listing number.

In cases where more than one puzzle of the same size have identical front rows,
the second row will be coded and listed also, in the format ####-####.  For
example,
           4x3 Puzzle 1101-1210    vs.    4x3 Puzzle 1101-2111
           --------------------           --------------------
               [_][_][_][X]                   [_][*][_][X]
               [_][*][_][X]                   [*][_][_][_]
               [_][_][X][_]                   [_][_][X][_]

This type of duplication of front rows will occur more frequently in the
smaller puzzles.  If necessary, coding for the third and subsequent rows will
be included to completely differentiate each puzzle.

Using this coding, the puzzles can be listed in order, which again is based on
puzzle size (width, then depth), then numerical code.  So for example, this
list is in the proper order:
          4x2 Puzzle 0121
          4x2 Puzzle 0122
          5x8 Puzzle 22200
          6x6 Puzzle 112121
          6x8 Puzzle 011121
          6x8 Puzzle 102110

     while this one is not:
          4x3 Puzzle 0122
          4x3 Puzzle 0121   &lt;-- numerical code is out of order
          6x8 Puzzle 002121
          6x8 Puzzle 011121
          6x6 Puzzle 210100 &lt;-- wrong puzzle size

IMPORTANT NOTE: When searching for a puzzle that you saw in the game, it may
appear at first that some of them are not in this guide.  This is not the case!
The game will randomly flip puzzles left to right, so you may need to reverse
the code within each row to find the right puzzle.  I have decided that it
would not be wise to list all puzzles in both orientations, since it's easy
enough to just look for the reverse version (and someday soon I'd like to have
a life).

Please refer to the start of the puzzle solutions section for more information
about the layout of that part of this guide.

   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     1.2 VERSION HISTORY
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

1.1: Added guide creation info in closing section, found a few missing TRNs,
     discovered a few more True Genius solutions, and otherwise tweaked a few
     paragraphs here and there.

1.0: Original submission of guide after gruelling creation process.


#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#
                          ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                            2.0  PLAYING THE GAME
                          ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#

   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     2.1 DEFAULT CONTROLS
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

            D-pad: Move character on grid.
            X button: Mark current square/capture marked square.
            Triangle button: Bomb all Advantage Zones.
            Square button: Hold to speed up puzzle rotation.
            O button: Skip stage clear sequences.
            Start: Open pause menu.

   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     2.2 GAME OVERVIEW
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You find yourself on a series of long flat grids, where groups of blocks rise
from the surface at the far end and begin rolling towards you.  You must clear
the blocks or die!  Ominous, eh?

The game is played out in nine stages, each bigger and badder than the last.
Each stage includes four waves of puzzles, and each wave typically contains two
to three puzzles (three puzzles per wave in stages 1,2,3,5, and 7, and two
puzzles per wave in stages 4,6, and 8.  Stage 9 has only one puzzle per wave).
Puzzles will be randomly selected from a set stock, and get larger and larger
with each wave and stage.  You must solve these puzzles by capturing every Qube
(block) except for the black Forbidden Qubes.  Green Advantage Qubes are there
to help you accomplish this, by creating zones that you can 'bomb', capturing
any Qubes in direct contact with an Advantage Mark, which is created by
capturing an Advantage Qube.  Puzzles must be completed before they fall off
the end of the grid, and without you getting crushed underneath the Qubes.

When you complete a puzzle perfectly (i.e. no missed Normal or Advantage Qubes,
no captured Forbidden Qubes), you get an extra row added to the end of the
grid, giving you more room to maneuver for the subsequent puzzles.  When you
fail, you risk shrinking your play area.  You will lose one row off of the grid
for each Forbidden Qube that you capture, and for every Normal or Advantage
Qube that drops off the end of the grid above a certain allowable number within
each wave.

You will receive points for each captured block, and if you do well you will
receive a bonus at the completion of each puzzle, based on how many turns it
took you to complete it (see scoring, below).  You will also receive a bonus at
the end of each stage, based on how many rows you have left on the playing
field.

   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     2.3 RULES OF PLAY
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-- COMPLETING PUZZLES --
To successfully complete a puzzle, you must capture all Normal and Advantage
Qubes before they fall off the end of the grid, while leaving all Forbidden
Qubes intact.  If you accomplish this, you will receive a 'Perfect' and an
extra row will be added to the end of the grid.

Once you've successfully cleared all Normal and Advantage Qubes, any remaining
Forbidden Qubes will continue rolling on to the end of the puzzle until they
fall off.  The next puzzle will not start rolling until all of the Qubes are
gone.  If you have nothing but Forbidden Qubes left, it can get quite tedious
waiting for them to finish their journey to the end.  Fortunately, you can
accelerate them on their journey by pressing and holding the square button.
Just make sure that you're not standing where they'll roll over you on their
way by.

-- CAPTURING QUBES --
The basic move of the game, and one that you will use over and over again.
First, you must mark a square on the grid by moving your player character over
it and pressing X.  Next, wait until the desired Qube rotates onto that marked
square, then capture it by pressing X again.  You can only have one marked
square at a time.  If you change your mind, you can un-mark the square by 'air
capturing' while there's no Qube rolling onto it, then select a new square.

-- FORBIDDEN QUBES --
You must avoid capturing these black Qubes by any means.  If you do happen to
catch one, you will hear a horrible crash, you will lose a row off the end of
the grid, and the puzzle will not be completed perfectly.

-- ADVANTAGE QUBES &amp; ADVANTAGE ZONES --
Your best tool in a struggle against time.  Green Advantage Qubes, when
captured, leave a glowing green square on the grid (the Advantage Mark).  If
you then 'bomb' by pressing the triangle button, it will activate the advantage
zone, which includes the captured Advantage Mark and all 8 squares surrounding
it, as so:
          _ _ _ _
         |_|_|_|_|
         |_|_|_|_|
         |_|_|*|_| &lt;--- Captured Advantage square
         |_|_|_|_|

          _ _ _ _
         |_|_|_|_|
         |_|*|*|*| &lt;-- Total captured area upon
         |_|*|*|*| &lt;-- activation of Advantage
         |_|*|*|*| &lt;-- Zone ('bombing')

Any Qubes in this zone when you bomb the grid will be captured, whether they be
Normal Qubes, other Advantage Qubes, or Forbidden Qubes.  This means that you
can use the Advantage Zone to capture many desired Qubes all at once, but you
have to be careful of its placement and timing of bombing to avoid
inadvertently capturing Forbidden Qubes.

You can have more than one active captured Advantage square at one time, and
when you bomb the grid, all Advantage Zones will be activated at once, creating
massive capturing areas.  You can also chain together Advantage-style captures,
if the triggered Advantage Zone contains one of more new Advantage Qubes.
Trigger the new zones either right away or at a later rotation, as the
situation may call for.

-- PROTECTING QUBES --
Within an Advantage Zone, if you mark a square before bombing, that square will
be protected from the triggered Advantage Zone.
          _ _ _ _
         |_|_|_|_|
         |_|M|_|_| &lt;--- Marked square (protected)
         |_|_|*|_| &lt;--- Captured Advantage square
         |_|_|_|_|

          _ _ _ _
         |_|_|_|_|
         |_|M|*|*| &lt;-- Upon bombing, the marked square
         |_|*|*|*| &lt;-- will not be captured (unless you also
         |_|*|*|*| &lt;-- capture it yourself by pressing X again)

This is very useful if you have a Forbidden Qube that is going to roll into an
Advantage Zone.  Simply mark the square it will roll on to, and you can still
bomb the Advantage Zone while the Forbidden Qube is shielded in this way.  But
remember, you will have to wait until the Forbidden Qube has rolled ahead again
before you can clear your mark from the square, consuming one turn.

-- DROPPING QUBES --
If you are unable to capture Qubes in time, they will roll over the edge of the
grid and be lost.  If even one Qube (with the exception of Forbidden Qubes,
which are meant to roll off the edge with no penalty to you) falls, you cannot
get Perfect on that puzzle.  If you drop more than one Qube, you could be in
trouble.  Each wave allows you to drop a certain number of Qubes off the end
without penalty, as indicated by a string of rectangles on the bottom right
corner of the screen, called the Block Scale.  As Qubes drop, the Block Scale
will fill up.  Once it is completely full, you will lose one row off the grid
for the next Qube that goes over the edge, after which the Block Scale starts
again empty.  This meter resets for each wave of puzzles.  As the puzzles get
larger, you can drop more Qubes over the edge before you start losing rows off
the grid (i.e. the Block Scale gets bigger as the game progresses).

-- GETTING SQUISHED --
While maneuvering your way around a puzzle, take care to make sure that you
don't end up underneath one of the rotating Qubes.  If you do get squished, two
major things will happen.  Firstly, the puzzle will accelerate, denying you the
chance to complete it.  Any remaining Qubes will be dropped off the edge, and
they will count towards your allowed dropped Qube total, as measured by the
Block Scale.  If this allowed number is exceeded, you will lose rows off the
grid accordingly.  Please note that when squished, even Forbidden Qubes will
add to the Block Scale counter.

Secondly, if there are any puzzles remaining in the current wave, you will be
forced to do the same puzzle over again.  This time, however, the over-the-
block indicators that are present on the easiest play mode will be in effect
for the duration of that puzzle, highlighting for you the positions of any
marked or Advantage squares.  If the puzzle in which you originally got
squished was the last puzzle of the current wave, you will not have to repeat
it (the new wave clears this effect).  Similarly, if you get squished again
while repeating a puzzle, you will not have to do it a third time.

-- TYPICAL ROTATION NUMBER (TRN) --
Once you've got the basics of the game down, this will become one of your
primary concerns.  The Typical Rotation Number, or TRN, is the number of turns
that the game expects you to complete each puzzle in.  It is analogous to
'par' in golf.  If you complete a puzzle in more turns than the TRN, which is
displayed in the upper right corner of the screen, you will receive a lower
end-of-puzzle bonus than if you complete it in exactly the TRN, which in turn
is less than the bonus you receive for completing it in LESS than the TRN.

The rotation or turn counter starts once you capture your first Qube, with that
turn being rotation #1 (i.e. it is impossible to clear a puzzle in zero
rotations).  Each rotation of the Qubes adds 1 to the counter, which will
change in color from blue when the current number of rotations is below the
TRN, to white when it matches the TRN, to red when it exceeds the TRN.  The
counter will stop once the last Normal or Advantage Qube is captured (i.e. the
puzzle is completed).  Remaining Forbidden Qubes, as they roll to the end of
the grid, do not add to the turn counter.

For the advanced player, remember that the number of rotations is everything.
Your goal should be to complete puzzles in less than the TRN as often as
possible, as this maximizes both your points and your I.Q. score.

   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     2.4 SCORING
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Within each puzzle: Capture Qube with marked square - 100 points
                    Capture Qube with Advantage Zone - 200 points

After each puzzle: Completed puzzle over TRN - 1,000 points     "Perfect"
                   Completed puzzle on TRN - 5,000 points       "Brilliant"
                   Completed puzzle under TRN - 10,000 points   "True Genius!!"

After each stage: For every row remaining on grid - 1,000 points
                  up to maximum of: 27,000 (1st Stage)
                                    39,000 (3rd Stage)
                                    40,000 (all other Stages)

In addition to your mundane points, at the end of the game (either through
clearing the final stage or dying) you will be given an IQ score.  This score
will be based on your points total, number of stages cleared, difficulty level,
and proportion of puzzles cleared over, on, or under the TRN.  The manual says
that the maximum IQ is 999, but this is a virtually unachievable score (without
using massive cheats, anyway).  Do not confuse your IQ score in the game with
the Intelligence Quotient score known in other realms, though there may very
well be some correlation, seeing as how success in this game depends on your
ability to recognize and mentally manipulate patterns in space.

   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     2.5 TIPS &amp; TRICKS
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Note: In the puzzle solutions throughout this guide, the cheat-like
strategies listed under "Tricks" below will not be used.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~
~~  TIPS:  ~~
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

These are basic strategic approaches to maximizing your performance within the
intended limits of the game.

1. Once you see a puzzle, you can pause the game and strategize how you're
going to approach it.  The problem with this is that the puzzle vanishes while
the game is paused (all Qubes appear as Normal Qubes), so you have to quickly
get the puzzle layout set in your mind's eye before you do this.

2. One big mistake that beginners can make is to start capturing with an
obvious Qube in the front row.  To beat the TRN, you'll need to start capturing
deep in the puzzle, either with an Advantage Qube, or any Qube isolated behind
one or more Forbidden Qubes that couldn't be captured with any Advantage Qube.
Only capture the single Normal Qubes up in front while you're waiting for
deeper Advantage Zones to move into position.

3. Look at the puzzle as a whole and check for places where you can string
Advantage Zones together, i.e. where you bomb a Zone to capture a new Advantage
Qube, and use that one to capture even more either in the same rotation or the
next, to clear out large swaths of Qubes in one go.

4. Use your ability to protect squares in an Advantage Zone strategically, e.g.
to capture several Qubes when a Forbidden Qube is at risk.  This is best used
as a final move in a puzzle, though, since you lose a turn waiting for the
Forbidden Qube to roll off of your marked square before you can trigger that
mark to release it and place a new one somewhere else.

5. When you first start playing I.Q., the higher stages (especially 6 and up)
will be quite difficult.  Rather than trying to clear puzzles entirely,
concentrate on first making a path for yourself down one side of the puzzle so
that you don't get squished or pushed off the edge of the board.  If you have
time and space left over after that, then you can go back and capture more of
the remaining Qubes.  Once you've gained more experience, you can make getting
Perfect your goal on every puzzle.

6. One skill to master in order to become really advanced is to line up
different Advantage Zones with respect to the positions of Forbidden Qubes
around them.  For example, look at the following puzzle:

                                   [_][_][X][_][_]      [_] = Normal Qube
                                   [_][_][X][_][_]      [*] = Advantage Qube
                                   [X][X][X][_][_]      [X] = Forbidden Qube
                                   [*][X][X][X][*]

The Advantage Qube on the left side has to roll ahead 3 times once captured
before you can bomb it (one roll to be in line with the Forbidden Qube in front
of it, then twice more to be clear to bomb).  The Advantage Qube on the right,
however, is already directly beside a Forbidden Qube, so only needs to roll
twice after being captured before you can bomb it.  You want to line up both
Advantage Zones so that they are both in line with a Forbidden Qube at the same
time, so that they can both roll ahead twice and bomb at the same time.  So,
for this puzzle, you would capture the left Advantage Qube, then the right one
on the next rotation, then let both roll ahead twice and bomb to clear all of
the Normal Qubes.  In later puzzles, you will sometimes get the chance to line
up 3 or 4 Advantage Zones in this way to bomb large numbers of Qubes at once.

7. Use the time it takes to capture Qubes to extend the amount of time you have
between each rotation.  For example, suppose you have to run around a large
group of Forbidden Qubes to get to the next Qube you need to capture.  If in a
turn you are both capturing with your single mark and bombing with an Advantage
Zone, do them one after another instead of at the same time to give you a
little more time to reach your destination (i.e. Bomb while running, then
activate your single mark once the puzzle is about to start rotating again,
giving you more time to keep running to your destination while that Qube is
being captured before the puzzle starts rolling again).

8. While a new wave of puzzles is rising from the platform surface, you can
check where the new puzzles will start by marking squares.  If the mark appears
in blue as normal, that row is ahead of where the puzzles will start, and it's
safe to stand there.  If the mark is invisible (but you still hear the sound
effect of marking a square), then that row will be part of the new puzzles, and
you need to back up before it rises.  Just be sure to clear any marks made in
this way before a puzzle becomes active, or you may accidentally capture a Qube
that you didn't mean to.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
~~  TRICKS:  ~~
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

These exploit what are likely bugs or holes in the game design, and probably
weren't intended to be possible by the game designers.  But since they work and
they're fun, why not give them a shot?  Just remember that the puzzle solutions
listed below do not include any of these proto-cheat techniques.

1. When you capture a Qube with an Advantage Zone, you get 200 points, instead
of the usual 100 points from capturing just with a marked square.  If you
trigger a normal marked square at the same time as you bomb an Advantage Zone,
however, the Qube that is captured will also be counted for 200 points.  This
is true even if the Advantage Zone doesn't capture any Qubes itself.  To do
this, just press Triangle and X in very rapid succession or simulatneously
within the same rotation.

2. If you clear a puzzle and still have an untriggered Advantage mark, that
square will remain on the grid (unless it is on a row that turns into part of a
puzzle at the start of a new wave), and you may be able to use it in the next
puzzle that rolls along.  Check out the new puzzle as soon as it starts in the
area where your leftover Advantage mark would end up.  You may be able to clear
a few extra Qubes at the same time that you start on another part of the
puzzle.  Just watch out for times when the leftover Advantage square is too
close to the start of the new puzzle to be able to judge whether it'll be
useful in time, and also watch out for times when waiting for the new puzzle to
reach the leftover Advantage mark would put it too close to the edge of the
grid to finish it.  Bomb to clear the leftover Advantage square before starting
on the new puzzle if it isn't going to be of any use.

3. Sometimes, it pays to let yourself get squished and repeat the current
puzzle, but only if A) the puzzle contains no Forbidden Qubes, and B) you are
able to complete the puzzle in the process of getting squished.  Provided that
you capture all Qubes and there are no Forbidden Qubes, you will still get
Perfect while getting squished, and then get to do the puzzle again.  This is
generally only useful in the first stage, when in the process of getting
squished, you are able to complete a puzzle and have leftover Advantage Qubes
with which to eliminate the puzzle again in fewer turns than the TRN.

4. You can actually capture more than 1 Qube in a single rotation!  Mark one
square, then stand in another, and as the Qubes start to roll onto your current
square, quickly press X repeatedly as you move out of harm's way.  In this way,
you can sometimes capture the first marked square, and mark and capture the
second square all in the same rotation (combine this strategy with trick #3,
and you don't even have to get out of the way).  This works best at the start
of a puzzle, since you have more time to prepare and can predict the timing of
Qube rolling accurately.  On the lower, slower difficulty levels, it is even
possible to capture more than 2 Qubes at once in this way.

5. Finally, you can sometimes manage to capture the last Qube or Qubes of a
puzzle without the rotation being counted by pressing the capture button and
the accelerate button (X and square) in very rapid succession or
simultaneously, while the Qube is rolling over the marked square (it has to be
done after the Qube has started rolling, but before it lands completely).  It
doesn't always work and the timing is pretty tricky, but it can also work for
bombing Advantage Zones, or capturing and bombing at the same time (just always
press Square along with the capture button).  Remember, though, that by
attempting this you risk missing your intended capture entirely, or
accidentally capturing the previous Qube on the marked square if you do it too
early.


#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#
                          ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                            3.0  PUZZLE SOLUTIONS
                          ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#

   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     3.0.1 LEGEND/KEY
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To summarize the order in which puzzles are listed here, they are organized
first by the size of the puzzle (width, then depth), which also correlates with
the stage and wave, and then within each puzzle size, they are listed in
numerical order according to the code given to front row of Qubes using the
following key:
                  Forbidden Qube: '0'
                     Normal Qube: '1'
                  Advantage Qube: '2'

So a 5 by 5 puzzle where the front row, starting at the left, had 3 Normal
Qubes, followed by a Forbidden Qube then an Advantage Qube, would be coded as:

      "5x5 Puzzle 11102"

So to search for a particular puzzle, first code the front row, then use the
Ctrl-f function and enter the text "WxD Puzzle ####", where W is the width of
the puzzle, D is the depth (both in number of blocks), and #### is the
numerical code from the front row.  If there is more than 1 puzzle of that size
with the same front row, then the code in the listing for that puzzle will be
in the format ####-####.  This format includes the code for the second row (and
the third, fourth, etc. if necessary), with each row separated by "-".

For each puzzle, the arrangement of Qubes at the outset will be provided such
as in the following diagram, where:
                                     [_] = Normal Qube
                                     [X] = Forbidden Qube
                                     [*] = Advantage Qube

   EXAMPLE ONLY
4x4 Puzzle 0021                         Rotations: X/Y   &lt;-- This refers to
                                                         the number of turns
4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.                      used in the solution
3  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.                      provided / the TRN
2  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.                            (the game's expected
1  [X][X][*][_]     R4. Bomb.                            number of turns).

    a  b  c  d

The rows are numbered, and the columns are labeled with letters, providing
coordinates for every Qube.  'R1.' refers to the first rotation (which begins
when you capture your first Qube), 'R2.' is the second rotation, etc., and the
actions that should be performed in each rotation will be clearly identified.
I will use the following terminology in descriptions:

    Capture: Mark and capture that Qube (or just capture if the spot is already
             marked).  Note that you must place the mark before the Qubes roll,
             i.e. at the end of the previous rotation.
    Mark: Place your mark with the X button, but don't capture anything in that
          square just yet.
    Bomb: Use the Triangle button to activate all current Advantage Zones.
    Wait: Don't capture anything on that turn.  It usually means that you are
          waiting for a particular Qube to roll onto a marked square.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

**NOTE: The game will also randomly reverse the puzzles left to right.  So if
you can't find the correct puzzle in this guide, just flip the directions and
you'll be able to locate it.
     For example: 4x6 Puzzle 1211-1110 becomes 4x6 Puzzle 1121-0111 when
     reversed.**

I believe that this will provide clear directions for solving every puzzle in
the game.

DISCLAIMER: These solutions are only one way that I have solved the puzzle.  Of
course, many puzzles have multiple perfect solutions.  Where possible, I have
included a solution that take less than the TRN, but this is not possible for
many puzzles (and for some, I just haven't figured it out yet).  If you have a
better solution to a puzzle that I have not beat the TRN for, without using any
of the 'cheats' as described in the tricks section above, please send it on to
me (see bottom of document for my contact information).  Full credit will be
given for any contributions.

Solutions will only be given using the methods that follow the rules, i.e.
without using any of the tricks listed above (e.g. leaving an Advantage Zone
marker from a previous puzzle, marking and capturing more than 1 square in a
turn, holding the acceleration button while capturing the last Qube, etc.), as
these are not consistent, reliable methods and may be considered 'cheating'.
That doesn't meant that you can't use them, but I won't include them in
solutions here.


-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-
                               3.1 FIRST STAGE
-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-

   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     3.1.1  FIRST STAGE, WAVES 1 &amp; 2 - 4x2 PUZZLES
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

---------------
4x2 Puzzle 0011                                                  Rotations: 5/5
---------------                                                       Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2a, mark row b.
1  [X][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
                    R3. Capture 2b, mark row d.
    a  b  c  d      R4. Wait.
                    R5. Capture 2d, bomb.

---------------
4x2 Puzzle 0110                                                  Rotations: 4/4
---------------                                                       Brilliant

2  [X][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1b.
1  [X][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 2b.
                    R3. Capture 1c.
    a  b  c  d      R4. Capture 2c.

---------------
4x2 Puzzle 0111                                                  Rotations: 3/3
---------------                                                       Brilliant

2  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c, bomb, mark row a.
1  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
                    R3. Capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 0112-0011                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [X][X][ ][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [X][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1b.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 0112-0121                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [X][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c, bomb.
1  [X][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 0112-1112                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2a.
1  [X][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1b.
                    R3. Capture 2b.
    a  b  c  d      R4. Capture 1d, bomb.

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 0112-1121                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
1  [X][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 0121-1111                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
1  [X][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 0121-1211                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
1  [X][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x2 Puzzle 1000                                                  Rotations: 3/3
---------------                                                       Brilliant

2  [*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 2b.
1  [_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
                    R3. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x2 Puzzle 1011                                                  Rotations: 5/5
---------------                                                       Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2b.
1  [_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
                    R3. Capture 2a, mark row d
    a  b  c  d      R4. Wait.
                    R5. Capture 2d, bomb.

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1012-1011                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
                    R3. Capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1012-1111                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
                    R3. Capture 1a.
    a  b  c  d      R4. Capture 2a.

---------------
4x2 Puzzle 1100                                                 Rotations: 4/4
---------------                                                       Brilliant

2  [_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 2a.
                    R3. Capture 1b.
    a  b  c  d      R4. Capture 2b.

---------------
4x2 Puzzle 1110                                                  Rotations: 3/3
---------------                                                       Brilliant

2  [*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d, mark row b.
1  [_][_][_][X]     R2. Wait.
                    R3. Capture 2b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1111-0121                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [X][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1111-1111                                             Rotations: 8/8
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture any front Qube.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R2 through R8. Capture any front Qube.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1111-1112                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2d, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R2 through R5. Capture remaining Qubes.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1111-1122                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][*][*]     R1. Capture 2c, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
                    R3. Capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1111-1211                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
                    R3. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1111-1212                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][*][_][*]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
                    R3. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1111-1221                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture either 2b or 2c, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1111-1222                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1111-2101                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
                    R3. Capture 1d.
    a  b  c  d      R4. Capture 2d.

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1111-2112                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb, mark row d.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
                    R3. Capture 2d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1111-2122                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][_][*][*]     R1. Capture 2a, mark row c.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
                    R3. Capture 2c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1111-2211                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
                    R3. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1111-2212                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][*][_][*]     R1. Capture 2d, bomb, mark row b.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
                    R3. Capture 2b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1111-2222                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 2b or 2c, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1112-0011                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1b.
                    R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1112-0111                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1b.
                    R3. Capture 2b.
    a  b  c  d      R4. Capture 1d, bomb.

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1112-1111                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R2 through R5.  Capture remaining Qubes.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1112-1211                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1112-1221                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1112-1222                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1112-2111                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1112-2121                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1112-2211                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a or 2b, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1121-1112                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
                    R3. Capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1121-1122                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][*][*]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
                    R3. Capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1121-1121                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
                    R3. Capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1121-2111                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1121-2112                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1121-2121                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1121-2211                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1122-1111                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
                    R3. Capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1122-2111                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
1  [_][_][*][*]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1122-2211                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b or 1c, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1122-2212                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][*][_][*]     R1. Capture 2a or 1c, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][*]

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x2 Puzzle 1201                                                  Rotations: 4/4
---------------                                                       Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
1  [_][*][X][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
                    R3. Capture 1d, bomb.</pre><pre id="faqspan-2">    a  b  c  d      R4. Capture 2d.

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1210-1110                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1210-1121                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
1  [_][*][_][X]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1210-2111                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
1  [_][*][_][X]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1211-1110                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1211-1111                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
                    R3. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1211-1112                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2d, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1211-1121                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1b or 2c, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1211-1122                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][*][*]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1211-1211                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
1  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
                    R3. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1211-1221                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1211-2111                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
                    R3. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1211-2112                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2d, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1211-2121                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1211-2122                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][_][*][*]     R1. Capture 1b or 2c, bomb, bomb
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1211-2221                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1212-1111                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1212-1112                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1212-1122                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][*][*]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1212-1211                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][*]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1212-1212                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][*][_][*]     R1. Capture 1b.
1  [_][*][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1212-2112                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1b.
1  [_][*][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1212-2121                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1b or 2c, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1221-1111                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b or 1c, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1221-1112                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1221-1121                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1b or 1c, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1222-1122                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][*][*]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1221-1211                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b or 1c, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1221-1212                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][*][_][*]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1221-1221                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 1b or 1c, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1221-2111                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1221-2112                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1b or 1c, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1221-2221                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1222-1221                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 1222-1111                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2101-1101                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
1  [*][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
                    R3. Capture 2d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2111-1101                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
1  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
                    R3. Capture 1d.
    a  b  c  d      R4. Capture 2d.

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2111-1111                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_]     R2 through R5. Capture remaining Qubes.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2111-1112                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2d, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2111-1121                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2111-1122                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][*][*]     R1. Capture 2c, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2111-1211                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
                    R3. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2111-1212                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][*][_][*]     R1. Capture 2d, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2111-1221                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2112-1111                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2112-1121                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2112-1221                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b or 2c, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2112-1211                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2112-2112                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1a.
1  [*][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2112-2122                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][_][*][*]     R1. Capture 1a.
1  [*][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2121-0111                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [*][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2121-1111                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [*][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2121-1112                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1a.
1  [*][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2121-1121                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
1  [*][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2121-1211                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2121-1212                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][*][_][*]     R1. Capture 2a or 1c, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2121-1221                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2121-1222                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 1c or 2b, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2121-2121                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
1  [*][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2122-1111                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
1  [*][_][*][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2122-1112                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1a.
1  [*][_][*][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2122-1211                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b or 1c, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][*][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2122-2122                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][_][*][*]     R1. Capture 1a.
1  [*][_][*][*]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2211-1110                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2211-1111                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
                    R3. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2211-1112                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2d, bomb.
1  [*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2211-1122                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][*][*]     R1. Capture 1b or 2c, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2211-2112                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2d, bomb.
1  [*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2212-1111                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [*][*][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2212-1112                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1a.
1  [*][*][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2212-1121                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1b or 2c, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][*][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2212-1211                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
1  [*][*][_][*]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2212-1212                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][*][_][*]     R1. Capture 1b.
1  [*][*][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2212-2121                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1b or 2c, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][*][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x2 Puzzle 2221                                                  Rotations: 1/1
---------------                                                       Brilliant

2  [*][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1b or 1c, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][*][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2222-1111                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b or 1c, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x2 Puzzle 2222-2222                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

2  [*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 1b or 1c, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d


   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     3.1.2 FIRST STAGE, WAVE 3 - 4x3 PUZZLES
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

---------------
4x3 Puzzle 0011                                                  Rotations: 5/5
---------------                                                       Brilliant

3  [_][*][_][*]     R1. Capture 3b, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
1  [X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
                    R4. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d      R5. Capture 1c.

---------------
4x3 Puzzle 0012                                                  Rotations: 5/5
---------------                                                       Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
2  [X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, mark front of row b.
1  [X][X][_][*]     R3. Bomb.
                    R4. Wait.
    a  b  c  d      R5. Capture 3b.

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 0111-1121                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c, bomb, mark front of row a.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Wait.
1  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
                    R4. Capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 0111-2121                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
2  [*][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 0112-1111                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
1  [X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 0112-1112                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb 4 times.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1b.
1  [X][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 0121-1111-1111                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, mark front of row a.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
1  [X][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
                    R4. Capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 0121-1111-1211                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, bomb.
1  [X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 0121-1211                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 3d, bomb.
1  [X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 0121-2111                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1c.
1  [X][_][*][_]     R3. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 0200-1110                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][X]     R2. Wait.
1  [X][*][X][X]     R3. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 0200-1111-1111                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, mark front of row d.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
1  [X][*][X][X]     R3. Bomb, capture 2d.
                    R4. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 0200-1111-1121                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
1  [X][*][X][X]     R3. Bomb, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 0201-1111                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
1  [X][*][X][_]     R3. Capture 2d, bomb.
                    R4. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x3 Puzzle 0211                                                  Rotations: 3/3
---------------                                                       Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, mark row d.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Wait.
1  [X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x3 Puzzle 1011                                                  Rotations: 4/4
---------------                                                       Brilliant

3  [*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
1  [_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
                    R4. Capture 1a.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1012-1011                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
2  [_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 2a.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1012-1111-2101                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [*][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 3a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
                    R4. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1012-1111-2111                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1012-1111-2121                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1021-1111-1111                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
1  [_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
                    R4. Capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d      R5. Capture 1d.

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1021-1111-1211                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
1  [_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1101-1111-2112                                        Rotations: 6/6
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [*][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 3d, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
                    R4. Capture 3a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d      R5. Capture 1b.
                    R6. Capture 1d.

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1101-1111-1221                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 3c, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
                    R4. Capture 1d.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1101-1121                                             Rotations: 6/6
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
                    R4. Capture 1a.
    a  b  c  d      R5. Capture 2a.
                    R6. Capture 3a.

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1101-2111                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
1  [_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 2c.
                    R4. Capture 3c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1110-1121                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a, bomb.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
1  [_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 2c.
                    R4. Capture 1b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d      R5. Capture 1a.

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1110-1210-1111                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
2  [_][*][_][X]     R2. Capture 1b.
1  [_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 2b, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1110-1210-1110                                        Rotations: 1/1
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][X]
1  [_][_][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1110-1211                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_]
1  [_][_][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1111-0121                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c, bomb.
2  [X][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
                    R4. Capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1111-1012                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d, bomb.
2  [_][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
                    R4. Capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d      R5. Capture 1b, bomb.

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1111-1112-0121                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [X][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2d, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1b.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
                    R4. Capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1111-1112-2222                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 2d, bomb 3 times.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1111-1121-0111                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c, bomb.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1111-1121-2121                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c, bomb.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
                    R4. Capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1111-1211-1121                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
1  [_][_][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1111-1211-1110                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1111-1212                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb 3 times.
2  [_][*][_][*]
1  [_][_][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1111-1221                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][*][*][_]
1  [_][_][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1111-1222                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][*][*][*]
1  [_][_][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1111-2101                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
2  [*][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
                    R4. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d      R5. Capture 1c, bomb.

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1111-2111-1110                                        Rotations: 6/6
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
                    R4. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d      R5. Capture 1d.
                    R6. Capture 2d.

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1111-2111-1112                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
                    R4. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d      R5. Capture 3d, bomb.

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1111-2121                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c, bomb.
2  [*][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1111-2122                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
2  [*][_][*][*]     R2. Capture 1d.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1111-2211-1111                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb.
2  [*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
                    R4. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1111-2211-1121                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb, bomb.
2  [*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
1  [_][_][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1112-0111-0011                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1b.
                    R4. Capture 2b.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1112-0111-1121                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1112-0121 0111                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c, bomb.
2  [X][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1112-1011                                             Rotations: 6/6
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
2  [_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
                    R4. Capture 1a.
    a  b  c  d      R5. Capture 2a.
                    R6. Capture 3a.

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1112-1111-0111                                        Rotations: 6/6
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2a.
                    R4. Capture 1b.
    a  b  c  d      R5. Capture 2b.
                    R6. Capture 3b.

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1112-1111-1211                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
                    R4. Capture 1a.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1112-1111-2112                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [*][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 3a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
                    R4. Capture 1a.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1112-1122                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a, bomb.
2  [_][_][*][*]     R2. Capture 1d.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1112-1211                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2b, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1112-1212                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb 3 times.
2  [_][*][_][*]
1  [_][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1112-1222                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][*][*][*]
1  [_][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1112-2111-1110                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 3c.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1112-2111-1221                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb 3 times.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1112-2111-2211                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1112-2121                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
2  [*][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1121-0111-0111                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1121-0111-1112                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 3a.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
1  [_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1121-1111-0001                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [X][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
                    R4. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1121-1111-0121                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [X][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2a.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1121-1111-1211                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1121-1111-1212                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][*][_][*]     R1. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1121-1111-1221                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1121-1111-1222                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1121-1111-2212                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [*][*][_][*]     R1. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1121-1112                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2a.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1121-1122                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb 3 times.
2  [_][_][*][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1121-1212                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][*]
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1121-1222                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][*][*][*]
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1121-2111-1101                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 3d.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1121-2111-1112                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
1  [_][_][*][_]     R3. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1121-2111-1121                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
1  [_][_][*][_]     R3. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1121-2111-1211                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb 3 times.
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1121-2111-2111                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1121-2211                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
2  [*][*][_][_]     R2. Bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1121-2112                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1121-2212                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
2  [*][*][_][*]
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1122-1111-1211                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1122-1111-2111                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
1  [_][_][*][*]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1122-1111-2211                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.</pre><pre id="faqspan-3">2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1122-1122                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][*][*]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][*]     R3. Capture 2a.
                    R4. Capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1122-1211                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 3d.
1  [_][_][*][*]

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x3 Puzzle 1201                                                  Rotations: 5/5
---------------                                                       Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
1  [_][*][X][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
                    R4. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d      R5. Capture 3d.

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1210-1110-1110                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][X]     R2. Bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1210-1110-2111                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
2  [_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1b.
1  [_][*][_][X]     R3. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1210-1111-1012                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][X][_][*]     R1. Capture 3d, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X]     R3. Capture 3a.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1210-1111-1121                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1211-1110-1111                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
2  [_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1b.
1  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1211-1110-1121                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1211-1110-2101                                        Rotations: 4/5
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

3  [*][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
2  [_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
                    R4. Capture 3a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1211-1111-1110                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1211-1111-1121                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1211-1111-1211                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
                    R4. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1211-1111-1212                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][*][_][*]     R1. Capture 3d, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
1  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1211-1111-2112                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [*][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 3d, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
1  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1211-1111-2121                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1211-1111-2122                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [*][_][*][*]     R1. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1211-1111-2222                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1211-1112-0111                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 3b.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1211-1112-1122                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][*][*]     R1. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Bomb 3 times.
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1211-1112-2111                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1b.
1  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1211-1121-0111                                        Rotations: 1/1
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][*][_]
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1211-1121-1111                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 3a.
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1211-2110                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1d.
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1211-2111-1101                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
1  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
                    R4. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1211-2111-1112                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 3d, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1211-2121                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
2  [*][_][*][_]
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1212-1111-0110                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [X][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][*]     R3. Capture 3b.
                    R4. capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1212-1111-0111                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][*]     R3. Capture 3b.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1212-1111-1011                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][*]     R3. Capture 3a.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1212-1111-1110                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1212-1111-1111                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, capture 1d.
1  [_][*][_][*]     R3. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1212-1112                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1212-1121                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1212-1211                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1212-1212-1111                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
2  [_][*][_][*]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1212-1212-1212                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][*][_][*]     R1. Capture 1d.
2  [_][*][_][*]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1221-1111-0111                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1221-1111-1011                                        Rotations: 3/4
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

3  [_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 2b.
1  [_][*][*][_]     R3. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3b is protected.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1221-1111-1110                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1221-1111-1111                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 3a, bomb.
1  [_][*][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1221-1111-1121                                        Rotations: 2/3
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

3  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1221-1112                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Bomb 3 times.
1  [_][*][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 1221-1221                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][*][*][_]
1  [_][*][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x3 Puzzle 2011                                                  Rotations: 4/4
---------------                                                       Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 3d, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
1  [*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
                    R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x3 Puzzle 2021                                                  Rotations: 3/5
---------------                                                   True Genius!!

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, mark front of row b.
1  [*][X][*][_]     R3. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 1b is protected.

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x3 Puzzle 2100                                                  Rotations: 3/3
---------------                                                       Brilliant

3  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3c, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
1  [*][_][X][X]     R3. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2101-1101-1100                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][X][_]     R2. Bomb, capture 1d.
1  [*][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 2d.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2101-1101-1112                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 3d.
2  [_][_][X][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
1  [*][_][X][_]     R3. Bomb, capture 1d.
                    R4. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2101-1111                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3c, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
1  [*][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2101-1121-1111                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
1  [*][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2101-1121-1211                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_]     R3. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x3 Puzzle 2102                                                  Rotations: 3/3
---------------                                                       Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
1  [*][_][X][*]     R3. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2110-1111-1121                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3c, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
1  [*][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2110-1111-1210                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][*][_][X]     R1. Capture 2d.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
1  [*][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2110-1111-1211                                        Rotations: 4/5
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

3  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
1  [*][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
                    R4. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2110-1111-1212                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][*][_][*]     R1. Capture 3d, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
1  [*][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2110-1211                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 3d.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2111-1101-1101                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
                    R4. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d      R5. Capture 3d.

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2111-1101-1121                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
2  [_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
                    R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d      R5. Capture 2d.

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2111-1110                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][*][_][X]     R1. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2111-1121-0111                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c, bomb.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2111-1121-1111                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
1  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2111-1121-1112                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2111-1121-1211                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
1  [*][_][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2111-2111                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [*][*][_][*]     R1. Capture 3d, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
                    R4. Capture 1d.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2111-2222                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb, bomb.
2  [*][*][*][*]
1  [*][_][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2112-1111-1110                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 3c.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2112-1111-1111                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1d.
1  [*][_][_][*]     R3. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2112-1111-2222                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb 3 times.
1  [*][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2112-1121                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2112-1211                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2112-1221-1111                                        Rotations: 1/1
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][*][*][_]
1  [*][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2112-1221-2112                                        Rotations: 1/1
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [*][_][_][*]     R1. Capture any advantage qube, bomb until clear.
2  [_][*][*][_]
1  [*][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2112-2111-1111                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2112-2111-2111                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2112-2112                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

3  [*][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1a.
2  [*][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2121-1111-1100                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [*][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2121-1111-1111                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
1  [*][_][*][_]     R3. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2121-1211-1121                                        Rotations: 1/1
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_]
1  [*][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2121-1211-1211                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 3d.
1  [*][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2121-2111-2111                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2121-2111-2211                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb 3 times.
1  [*][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x3 Puzzle 2122                                                  Rotations: 3/3
---------------                                                       Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1d.
1  [*][_][*][*]     R3. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x3 Puzzle 2212                                                  Rotations: 2/2
---------------                                                       Brilliant

3  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][*][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2222-1111-1111                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
1  [*][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2222-1111-1121                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

3  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, bomb.
1  [*][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2222-2112                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------

3  [*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture any Advantage Qube, bomb until clear.
2  [*][_][_][*]
1  [*][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d


   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     3.1.3 FIRST STAGE, WAVE 4 - 4x4 PUZZLES
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0011-1212                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, capture 1d.
2  [_][*][_][*]     R3. Capture 2d, bomb.
1  [X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 4d.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0011-2112                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, capture 1d.
2  [*][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2d.
1  [X][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 1c.

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x4 Puzzle 0012                                                  Rotations: 4/4
---------------                                                       Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1d.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
1  [X][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 4d.

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x4 Puzzle 0021                                                  Rotations: 3/3
---------------                                                       Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, bomb.
1  [X][X][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x4 Puzzle 0101                                                  Rotations: 3/3
---------------                                                       Brilliant

4  [*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
3  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb 4 times.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1d.
1  [X][_][X][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0110-1121                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
3  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
1  [X][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0110-1221                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [_][*][*][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [X][_][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0111-0111                                             Rotations: 6/6
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
3  [*][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
1  [X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3c, bomb.
                    R5. Capture 1b.
    a  b  c  d      R6. Capture 1d.

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0111-0121                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c, bomb, bomb, bomb.
3  [_][_][*][_]
2  [X][_][*][_]
1  [X][_][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0111-1112                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a, bomb.
3  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2d.
1  [X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
                    R5. Capture 1b.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0111-2101                                             Rotations: 6/6
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [*][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
1  [X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3d.
                    R5. Capture 1b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d      R6. Capture 1c.

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0112-0011                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
2  [X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb 3 times.
1  [X][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0112-0121                                             Rotations: 2/?
--------------------

4  [*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
2  [X][_][*][_]
1  [X][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0112-1011                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
2  [_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
1  [X][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb 3 times.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0112-2111-1111                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1d.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [X][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 4c.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0112-2111-1111                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][*][_][X]     R1. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, bomb, then capture 1d.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [X][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0112-2121                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
2  [*][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 4c.
1  [X][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0120-1111                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, bomb.
1  [X][_][*][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0120-1212                                             Rotations: 3/4
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, mark row d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 1d is protected.
2  [_][*][_][*]     R3. Bomb.
1  [X][_][*][X]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0121-0111-0111                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [X][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4b.
1  [X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0121-0111-0121                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [X][_][*][_]     R2. Bomb, bomb.
2  [X][_][_][_]
1  [X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0121-0111-1111                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
1  [X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0121-0111-1121                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Bomb, bomb, bomb.
2  [X][_][_][_]
1  [X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0121-0111-1211                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
1  [X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0121-1111-0020                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [X][X][*][X]     R2. Capture 3c, mark row a.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
1  [X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 2a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0121-1111-0111                                        Rotations: 4/5
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

4  [X][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2a.
3  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
1  [X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0121-1111-1111                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 1c, mark row a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
1  [X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
                    R5. Capture 4a.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0121-1111-1121                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb 3 times.
1  [X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0121-1111-1210                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][X]     R2. Capture 3b, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]
1  [X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0121-1111-1211                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Bomb 3 times.
2  [_][_][_][_]
1  [X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0121-1111-1221                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][*][*][_]     R2. Bomb until clear.
2  [_][_][_][_]
1  [X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0121-1111-1222                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][*][*][*]     R2. Bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]
1  [X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0121-1111-2121                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [*][_][*][_]     R2. Bomb until clear.
2  [_][_][_][_]
1  [X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0121-1112                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 3b, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][*]
1  [X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0121-1211                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 2d.
3  [_][_][_][X]     R2. Bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 4d.
1  [X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0121-2111-1111-1100                                   Rotations: 3/3
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, capture 1c.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
1  [X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0121-2111-1111-1110                                   Rotations: 4/4
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1c, mark row a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
1  [X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 4c, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0121-2111-1111-1111                                   Rotations: 4/4
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1c.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
1  [X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0121-2111-1111-1210                                   Rotations: 3/3
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [_][*][_][X]     R1. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3d.
1  [X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x4 Puzzle 0122                                                  Rotations: 2/2
---------------                                                       Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]
1  [X][_][*][*]

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x4 Puzzle 0201                                                  Rotations: 4/4
---------------                                                       Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R3. Bomb.
1  [X][*][X][_]     R4. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0211-1110                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [X][*][_][_]     R4. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0211-1111-1110                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
3  [_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
1  [X][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
                    R5. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 0211-1111-1121                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
1  [X][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x4 Puzzle 0222                                                  Rotations: 3/3
---------------                                                       Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
1  [X][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x4 Puzzle 1001                                                  Rotations: 3/3
---------------                                                       Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][*][*][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [_][X][X][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1010-1111                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a, bomb.
3  [*][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
1  [_][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 3c, bomb.
                    R5. Capture 1a.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1010-2121                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [*][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
1  [_][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1011-0121                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 2c.
2  [X][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1011-1212-1111                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark row d.
2  [_][*][_][*]     R3. Wait.
1  [_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1011-1212-1121                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d, bomb, bomb.
3  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][*]
1  [_][X][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1012-0011                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
3  [X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1012-1011-1012                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
3  [_][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 3a.
                    R5. Capture 4a.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1012-1011-1111                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
2  [_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb 3 times.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 2a.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1012-1111                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
3  [_][*][*][*]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb 3 times.
2  [_][_][_][_]
1  [_][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1012-1211                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1d.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 4d.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1012-2011                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
2  [*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 4c, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1012-2111-1111                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2a.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1012-2111-1121                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1d.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1021-0111-1111-1211                                   Rotations: 3/3
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][X][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1021-0111-1111-2211                                   Rotations: 3/3
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][X][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1021-1111                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 2a.

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x4 Puzzle 1101                                                  Rotations: 4/4
---------------                                                       Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a, bomb 3 times.
3  [*][*][*][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
1  [_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1d.

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x4 Puzzle 1102                                                  Rotations: 5/5</pre><pre id="faqspan-4">---------------                                                       Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
2  [X][*][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2b.
1  [_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 1a.
                    R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1111-0020                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------

4  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 2c.
2  [X][X][*][X]     R3. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb.
                    R5. Capture 1d.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1111-1020                                             Rotations: 8/8
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [_][X][*][X]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
                    R5. Capture 1d.
    a  b  c  d      R6. Capture 2a.
                    R7. Capture 3a.
                    R8. Capture 4a.

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1111-1121-1211                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 4d.
1  [_][_][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1111-1121-1212                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c, bomb, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][*][_]
1  [_][_][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1111-1221-1111-0010                                   Rotations: 2/2
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [X][X][_][X]     R1. Capture 2c, bomb, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 4c.
2  [_][*][*][_]
1  [_][_][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1111-1221-1111-1110                                   Rotations: 2/2
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2c, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][*][*][_]
1  [_][_][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1112-0011-1211                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
3  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1d.
2  [X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb.
                    R5. Capture 1c.
    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1112-0111-1121-0111                                   Rotations: 4/4
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
3  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1b.

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1112-0111-1121-1211                                   Rotations: 3/3
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb 3 times.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
1  [_][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1112-0111-1211                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1d.
3  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 3b.
                    R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1112-0121                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
2  [X][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1112-1011-0121                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
3  [X][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
2  [_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 2a, bomb.
                    R5. Capture 1b.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1112-1011-1111                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
2  [_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb 3 times.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1a.
                    R5. Capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1112-1211                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb, bomb.
3  [*][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1112-1221                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [X][X][_][X]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 4c.
2  [_][*][*][_]
1  [_][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1112-2011-1111-1111                                   Rotations: 5/5
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [*][X][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1d.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1b.
                    R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1112-2011-1111-1121                                   Rotations: 5/5
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [*][X][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1d.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1b.
                    R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1112-2111-1100                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][*][_][X]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 4b.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1112-2111-1111                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, capture 1a.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1112-2121                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [*][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 4a, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1112-2122                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [*][_][*][*]     R3. Capture 4a, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x4 Puzzle 1120                                                  Rotations: 3/3
---------------                                                       Brilliant

4  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][X]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1121-0111-0111                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [X][X][_][X]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4c.
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1121-0111-0112                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [X][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4b.
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1121-0111-0200                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [X][*][X][X]     R2. Capture 3b.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, mark spot 2d.
1  [_][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb.
                    R5. Capture 4d.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1121-0112                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb 3 times.
2  [X][_][_][*]
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1121-1111-0112                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
3  [X][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 2a.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1121-1111-1112                                        Rotations: 4/5
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

4  [*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, capture 1a.
1  [_][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 2a.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1121-1111-1211                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4d.
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1121-1111-1212                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][*][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1121-1111-2222                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [*][*][*][*]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1121-1211-1111-1001                                   Rotations: 3/3
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [_][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 4a, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 4d.
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1121-1211-1111-1111                                   Rotations: 3/3
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 4a.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1121-1211-1112                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 3d, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1121-1211-2111                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb 3 times.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 4d.
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1121-1212                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][*]
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1121-2000                                             Rotations: 5/?
--------------------

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
2  [*][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 2a.
1  [_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1b.
                    R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1121-2111-1111-1001                                   Rotations: 4/4
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [_][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4a, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 4d.

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1121-2111-1111-1101                                   Rotations: 4/4
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
1  [_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 4d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1121-2111-1112                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1c.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4a, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1121-2111-1212                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][*][_][*]     R2. Bomb 3 times.
2  [*][_][_][_]
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1121-2211                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, bomb.
2  [*][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 4d, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x4 Puzzle 1201                                                  Rotations: 5/5
---------------                                                       Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [_][*][X][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
                    R5. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1210-1110-1110                                        Rotations: 3/4
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

4  [X][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
3  [_][_][_][X]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][X]     R3. Bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1210-1110-1111-0010                                   Rotations: 4/4
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [X][X][_][X]     R1. Capture 3d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][X]     R3. Bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X]     R4. Capture 4c.

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1210-1110-1111-1121                                   Rotations: 3/3
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1210-1110-1211                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Bomb until clear.
2  [_][_][_][X]
1  [_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1210-1110-2221                                        Rotations: 2/3
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
3  [*][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X]
1  [_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1210-1111-1121                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4a.
1  [_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1210-1111-1122                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][*][*]     R2. Bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4a.
1  [_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1210-1111-1210                                        Rotations: 4/5
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
3  [_][*][_][X]     R2. Capture 1b, mark row d.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X]     R4. Capture 2d.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1210-1111-1221                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [_][*][*][_]     R2. Bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]
1  [_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1210-1111-2121                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [*][_][*][_]     R2. Bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]
1  [_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1210-1111-2222                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [*][*][*][*]     R2. Bomb until clear.
2  [_][_][_][_]
1  [_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1210-1112                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1210-1121                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 2a.
3  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 4a.
1  [_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1210-1122                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
2  [_][_][*][*]     R3. Capture 4a, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1210-1212                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][*]     R3. Bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1210-1221                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
2  [_][*][*][_]
1  [_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1210-1222                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
2  [_][*][*][*]
1  [_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1210-2121                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
2  [*][_][*][_]
1  [_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1211-1110-1110                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1211-1110-1121                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X]     R3. Bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1211-1111-0020                                        Rotations: 5/6
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
3  [X][X][*][X]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3c.
1  [_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
                    R5. Capture 2d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1211-1111-1020                                        Rotations: 6/6
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [_][X][*][X]     R2. Capture 3c.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
1  [_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d, bomb.
                    R5. Capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d      R6. Capture 4a.

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1211-1111-1112                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1211-1111-1121                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb 4 times.
2  [_][_][_][_]
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1211-1111-1212                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [_][*][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb 4 times.
2  [_][_][_][_]
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1211-1111-2101                                        Rotations: 6/6
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
3  [*][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3a, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
                    R5. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d      R6. Capture 3d.

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1211-1112-0011                                        Rotations: 6/7
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
3  [X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2d.
1  [_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 2b.
                    R5. Wait.
    a  b  c  d      R6. Capture 4b.

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1211-1112-1121                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Bomb 3 times.
2  [_][_][_][*]
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1211-1112-2121                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [*][_][*][_]     R2. Bomb 3 times.
2  [_][_][_][*]
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1211-1121-0111                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
3  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1211-1121-1111-0010                                   Rotations: 2/2
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [X][X][_][X]     R1. Capture 2c, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 4c, bomb.
2  [_][_][*][_]
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1211-1121-1111-0111                                   Rotations: 3/3
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R3. Bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1211-1121-1111-1211                                   Rotations: 2/2
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][*][_]
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1211-1121-1211                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb 3 times.
3  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 4d.
2  [_][_][*][_]
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1211-1121-2112                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb 3 times.
3  [*][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 3a, bomb.
2  [_][_][*][_]
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1212-1111-0011                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
3  [X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1212-1111-0012                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
3  [X][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb, mark spot 2a.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
1  [_][*][_][*]     R4. Capture 4a.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1212-1111-1011                                        Rotations: 6/6
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 4b.
3  [_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][*]     R4. Capture 3a.
                    R5. Capture 4a.
    a  b  c  d      R6. Capture 4d.

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1212-1111-1210                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [_][*][_][X]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]
1  [_][*][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1212-1111-2111-1100                                   Rotations: 3/3
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, bomb, then capture 1d.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
1  [_][*][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1212-1111-2111-1110                                   Rotations: 3/3
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, bomb, then capture 1d.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4c, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x4 Puzzle 1220                                                  Rotations: 3/3
---------------                                                       Brilliant

4  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
1  [_][*][*][X]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1221-1111-0111-0110                                   Rotations: 4/4
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [X][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4b.
1  [_][*][*][_]     R4. Capture 4c.

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1221-1111-0111-1011                                   Rotations: 5/5
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 2a.
3  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4a.
1  [_][*][*][_]     R4. Capture 4c.
                    R5. Capture 4d.
    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1221-1111-1111-0010                                   Rotations: 3/3
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [X][X][_][X]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4c, bomb.
1  [_][*][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1221-1111-1111-1010                                   Rotations: 4/4
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [_][X][_][X]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4a, bomb.
1  [_][*][*][_]     R4. Capture 4c.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1221-1111-1212                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][*][_][*]     R2. Bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]
1  [_][*][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1221-1111-2111                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4c, bomb.
1  [_][*][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1221-1111-2112                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [*][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 3a, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]
1  [_][*][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1221-1111-2121                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [*][_][*][_]     R2. Bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]
1  [_][*][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1222-1111-1111-0011                                   Rotations: 3/3
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
1  [_][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1222-1111-1111-1111                                   Rotations: 3/3
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
1  [_][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1222-1111-2111                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
1  [_][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 1222-1212                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
2  [_][*][_][*]
1  [_][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 2012-0011                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
2  [X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
1  [*][X][_][*]     R4. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 2012-1111-1111-1100                                   Rotations: 3/3
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
1  [*][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 2012-1111-1111-1110                                   Rotations: 4/4
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4c.
1  [*][X][_][*]     R4. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x4 Puzzle 2100                                                  Rotations: 3/3
---------------                                                       Brilliant

4  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb 3 times.
1  [*][_][X][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x3 Puzzle 2101-1100                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][X][X]     R3. Bomb, capture 1b.
1  [*][_][X][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 2101-1110                                             Rotations: 3/?
--------------------

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
3  [_][*][_][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 2101-1111                                             Rotations: 2/2
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
3  [*][_][*][_]     R2. Bomb 4 times, capture 1d.
2  [_][_][_][_]
1  [*][_][X][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 2101-1211                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
1  [*][_][X][_]

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x4 Puzzle 2102                                                  Rotations: 3/3
---------------                                                       Brilliant

4  [X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
1  [*][_][X][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 2110-1102                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][X][*]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a.
1  [*][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1b.
                    R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 2110-1111-1212                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
3  [_][*][_][*]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb 4 times.
2  [_][_][_][_]
1  [*][_][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 2110-1111-1221                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
3  [_][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb 3 times.
2  [_][_][_][_]
1  [*][_][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 2110-1112-1111                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 2110-1112-1121                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 2110-1211-1121                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb 3 times.
3  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 4a.
2  [_][*][_][_]
1  [*][_][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 2110-1211-1122                                        Rotations: 2/2
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb 3 times.
3  [_][_][*][*]     R2. Capture 4a.
2  [_][*][_][_]
1  [*][_][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 2111-1100                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
3  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb 4 times.
2  [_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 1d.
1  [*][_][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 2111-1101                                             Rotations: 7/8
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

4  [_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
3  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
                    R5. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d      R6. Capture 3d.
                    R7. Capture 4d.

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 2111-1102                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb 3 times.
1  [*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 2111-1121                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
3  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Bomb 3 times.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 4d.
1  [*][_][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 2112-0111                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
1  [*][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
                    R5. Capture 2b.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 2112-1111                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 4c, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 2112-1211                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1d.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
1  [*][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 2112-2100                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [*][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 1c.
1  [*][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 2120-1111-1111-0111                                   Rotations: 3/3
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
1  [*][_][*][X]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 2120-1111-1111-1111                                   Rotations: 4/4
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
1  [*][_][*][X]     R4. Capture 4a.

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x4 Puzzle 2121                                                  Rotations: 4/4
---------------                                                       Brilliant

4  [_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
1  [*][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x4 Puzzle 2211                                                  Rotations: 3/3
---------------                                                       Brilliant

4  [_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [*][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 2222-1111-1111-0110                                   Rotations: 4/4
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [X][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4b.
1  [*][*][*][*]     R4. Capture 4c.

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 2222-1111-1111-0111                                   Rotations: 3/3
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [*][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x4 Puzzle 2222-1111-1111-1111                                   Rotations: 3/3
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
1  [*][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 2222-2112                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture any Advantage Qube, bomb, bomb, bomb.
3  [*][_][_][*]
2  [*][_][_][*]
1  [*][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x4 Puzzle 2222-2222                                             Rotations: 1/1
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

4  [*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture any Qube, bomb, bomb, bomb.
3  [*][*][*][*]
2  [*][*][*][*]
1  [*][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d


-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-
                               3.2 SECOND STAGE
-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-

   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     3.2.1 SECOND STAGE, WAVES 1 &amp; 2 - 4x5 PUZZLES
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0001-0201                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2d, bomb.
2  [X][*][X][_]     R4. Capture 3d.
1  [X][X][X][_]     R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0001-1201                                             Rotations: 6/6
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2b, mark front of row a.
4  [_][_][_][X]     R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
2  [_][*][X][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
1  [X][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 2d.
                    R6. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0001-2101-1101-1112                                   Rotations: 7/7
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 2d, bomb.
2  [*][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 3d.
1  [X][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 4d, mark front of row b.
                    R6. bomb.
    a  b  c  d      R7. Capture 2b.

------------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0001-2101-1101-1122                                   Rotations: 7/7
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][*][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
2  [*][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 3d.
1  [X][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 4d.
                    R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d      R7. Capture 5a, bomb.

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0002-0011                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, mark front of row a.
4  [X][_][*][_]     R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, bomb.
2  [X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
1  [X][X][X][*]

    a  b  c  d

-----------------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0002-2111-1111-1111-0010                              Rotations: 4/4
-----------------------------------                                   Brilliant

5  [X][X][_][X]     R1. Capture 1d, mark row a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, capture 2a, mark spot 4c.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 4c.
1  [X][X][X][*]

    a  b  c  d

-----------------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0002-2111-1111-1111-1010                              Rotations: 5/5
-----------------------------------                                   Brilliant

5  [_][X][_][X]     R1. Capture 1d, mark front of row a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2a.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5c, bomb.
1  [X][X][X][*]     R5. Capture 5a.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0002-2221                                             Rotations: 4/?
--------------------

5  [_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, mark front of row c.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 1c is protected.
2  [*][*][*][_]     R4. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0010-1210                                             Rotations: 7/7
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 3d, mark row b.
4  [_][_][_][X]     R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b.
2  [_][*][_][X]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 3d.
1  [X][X][_][X]     R5. Wait.
                    R6. Capture 5d.
    a  b  c  d      R7. Capture 5a.

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0010-1221                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [X][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 5d, bomb.
2  [_][*][*][_]
1  [X][X][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0011-2011                                             Rotations: 6/6
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][*][X]     R3. Capture 2c, bomb.
2  [*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 3c.
1  [X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d.</pre><pre id="faqspan-5">                    R6. Capture 2d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0011-2012                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2d.
2  [*][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
1  [X][X][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0011-2101-1101-1122                                   Rotations: 7/7
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

5  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][*][*]     R2. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 3d.
2  [*][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 4d, mark front of row a.
1  [X][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
                    R6. Bomb, then capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d      R7. Capture 1c, bomb.

------------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0011-2101-1101-1211                                   Rotations: 7/7
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 2d, bomb.
2  [*][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 3d.
1  [X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c.
                    R6. Capture 4d.
    a  b  c  d      R7. Capture 5d.

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0011-2101-1112                                        Rotations: 6/6
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

5  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2d.
2  [*][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 3d.
1  [X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
                    R6. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0011-2112                                             Rotations: 7/7
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d, bomb, mark spot 3c.
2  [*][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 5c.
                    R6. Capture 4d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d      R7. Capture 5a.

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0012-0111                                             Rotations: 4/?
--------------------

5  [X][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1d, mark front of row b.
4  [X][X][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
3  [X][X][_][*]     R3. Bomb, capture 2b.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
1  [X][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0012-1111-1121-1211                                   Rotations: 3/3
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][*][_]     R3. Bomb 3 times.
2  [_][_][_][_]
1  [X][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0012-1111-1121-2111                                   Rotations: 5/6
------------------------------                                    True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 4a, bomb.
4  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, mark front of row a.
3  [_][_][*][_]     R3. Bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
1  [X][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 5c.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0012-1111-1221                                        Rotations: 8/?
-------------------------

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
4  [_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1d, mark front of row a.
3  [_][*][*][_]     R3. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
1  [X][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 3a.
                    R6. Bomb, then capture 3b.
    a  b  c  d      R7. Capture 4a.
                    R8. Capture 5a.

------------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0012-2011-1110-1101                                   Rotations: 6/6
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

5  [_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb, mark row a.
4  [_][_][X][_]     R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 2a, mark row d.
2  [*][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][*]     R5. Bomb, capture 4d.
                    R6. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0012-2011-1110-1212                                   Rotations: 5/6
------------------------------                                    True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d, mark front of row a.
4  [_][*][_][*]     R2. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 2a.
2  [*][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0012-2111-1100                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 2c.
3  [_][_][X][X]     R3. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4c.
1  [X][X][_][*]     R5. Bomb, capture 5a.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0012-2111-1111                                        Rotations: 6/6
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1d, mark front of row a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2a.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [X][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 5b.
                    R6. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0012-2211                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
2  [*][*][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
1  [X][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 5d.

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x5 Puzzle 0020                                                  Rotations: 5/5
---------------                                                       Brilliant

5  [X][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1c, mark front of row a.
4  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
1  [X][X][*][X]     R5. Capture 5b.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0021-1121                                             Rotations: 5/?
--------------------

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, mark front of row b.
3  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 1b is protected.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R4. Clear mark.
1  [X][X][*][_]     R5. Capture 5a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0021-1201                                             Rotations: 6/7
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, mark spot 1c.
2  [_][*][X][_]     R4. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 2c is protected.
1  [X][X][*][_]     R5. Clear mark.
                    R6. Capture 5d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x5 Puzzle 0101                                                  Rotations: 6/6
---------------                                                       Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [X][X][X][*]     R3. Capture 2d.
2  [X][*][X][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 3d.
1  [X][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 1b.
                    R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x5 Puzzle 0110                                                  Rotations: 8/8
---------------                                                       Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
3  [X][X][X][_]     R3. Capture 2b, mark front of row d.
2  [*][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb.
1  [X][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 2d.
                    R6. Capture 1c.
    a  b  c  d      R7. Capture 2c.
                    R8. Capture 3d, bomb.

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0111-0020-0111                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
4  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
3  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [X][X][*][X]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [X][_][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0111-0020-1111-0111                                   Rotations: 5/7
------------------------------                                    True Genius!!

5  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
4  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
2  [X][X][*][X]     R4. Capture 1b.
1  [X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0111-0020-1111-0211                                   Rotations: 6/7
------------------------------                                    True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
4  [X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
2  [X][X][*][X]     R4. Capture 1b.
1  [X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 3a.
                    R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4a is protected.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0111-0121                                             Rotations: 6/6
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c, bomb.
4  [_][X][X][_]     R2. Capture 4d, mark front of row a.
3  [X][*][*][_]     R3. Wait.
2  [X][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb.
1  [X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
                    R6. Capture 4a.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0112-0121                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [*][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
2  [X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 2b.
1  [X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 3d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0112-1110                                             Rotations: 6/7
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

5  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [X][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 2c.
1  [X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1b, bomb.
                    R6. Capture 2b, bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0112-2011                                             Rotations: 4/5
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 3c.
2  [*][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4c is protected.
1  [X][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0121-0111                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 3a.
4  [_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 2d.
3  [*][_][X][X]     R3. Wait.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4d.
1  [X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0121-1111-0012                                        Rotations: 7/7
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
4  [*][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [X][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 3d, mark spot 2a.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
1  [X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 4a.
                    R6. Capture 3c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d      R7. Capture 4d.

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0121-1111-1111                                        Rotations: 8/?
-------------------------

5  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1c, mark front of row a.
4  [*][X][_][X]     R2. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
1  [X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 4a, mark spot 3d.
                    R6. Wait.
    a  b  c  d      R7. Bomb, then capture 5d.
                    R8. Capture 4c, bomb.

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0121-1111-1210                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 3b, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][X]     R3. Capture 5c, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5a.
1  [X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0121-1112                                             Rotations: 5/6
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
4  [X][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 2a.
3  [X][X][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb.
1  [X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 5a.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0121-1212-1111                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 5a.
2  [_][*][_][*]
1  [X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0121-1212-1212                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
3  [_][*][_][*]     R3. Bomb.
2  [_][*][_][*]
1  [X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0121-2111-1101                                        Rotations: 6/6
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][*][X]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 2c.
3  [_][_][X][_]     R3. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4c.
1  [X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 3d.
                    R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0121-2111-1111                                        Rotations: 5/6
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

5  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, mark spot 3d.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
1  [X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 5d.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0121-2112                                             Rotations: 6/7
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Mark row a.
3  [_][X][X][X]     R3. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2a, mark spot 1b.
1  [X][_][*][_]     R5. Wait.
                    R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3b is protected.
    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x5 Puzzle 0122                                                  Rotations: 6/6
---------------                                                       Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [_][X][X][_]     R3. Capture 3a, mark spot 2b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
1  [X][_][*][*]     R5. Capture 4b.
                    R6. Capture 3d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0200-0112                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, mark front of row d.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
2  [X][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 2b, bomb.
1  [X][*][X][X]     R5. Capture 5d.

    a  b  c  d

-----------------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0200-2121-1111-1111-0010                              Rotations: 4/4
-----------------------------------                                   Brilliant

5  [X][X][_][X]     R1. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
2  [*][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 5c, bomb.
1  [X][*][X][X]

    a  b  c  d

-----------------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0200-2121-1111-1111-0100                              Rotations: 4/4
-----------------------------------                                   Brilliant

5  [X][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
2  [*][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 5b, bomb.
1  [X][*][X][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0201-1002                                             Rotations: 5/6
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d, mark row a.
2  [_][X][X][*]     R4. Wait.
1  [X][*][X][_]     R5. Capture 2a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0201-1121                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2c.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, mark front of row a.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R4. Wait.
1  [X][*][X][_]     R5. Capture 2a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0201-2120                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
2  [*][_][*][X]     R4. Wait.
1  [X][*][X][_]     R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x5 Puzzle 0202                                                  Rotations: 5/5
---------------                                                       Brilliant

5  [_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1b.
4  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1d.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
1  [X][*][X][*]     R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0212-1111-1110                                        Rotations: 4/5
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1d, then bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5a, bomb.
1  [X][*][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0212-1111-1121                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1b.
4  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][*][_]     R3. Bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5c.
1  [X][*][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 0212-1112                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][X]     R3. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb.
1  [X][*][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x5 Puzzle 0221                                                  Rotations: 3/4
---------------                                                   True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [*][_][*][_]     R2. Mark spot 2d.
3  [_][_][_][X]     R3. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 3d is protected.
2  [_][_][_][_]
1  [X][*][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x5 Puzzle 0222                                                  Rotations: 5/5
---------------                                                       Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb, mark front of row a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
3  [X][X][*][X]     R3. Capture 2a.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
1  [X][*][*][*]     R5. Bomb, then capture 3c.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1001-1002                                             Rotations: 4/5
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

5  [_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
4  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
2  [_][X][X][*]     R4. Capture 2a, bomb until clear.
1  [_][X][X][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1001-1222                                             Rotations: 3/4
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

5  [X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
4  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [_][*][*][*]
1  [_][X][X][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1010-2220                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
2  [*][*][*][X]     R4. Bomb.
1  [_][X][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1011-1020                                             Rotations: 8/8
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 2c.
3  [*][X][X][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
2  [_][X][*][X]     R4. Capture 2a.
1  [_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 3a.
                    R6. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
    a  b  c  d      R7. Bomb.
                    R8. Capture 3d.

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1011-1102                                             Rotations: 6/7
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

5  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [X][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
2  [_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 1c.
1  [_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
                    R6. Capture 2a, bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1011-2101                                             Rotations: 7/7
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 3d.
2  [*][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
1  [_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2a.
                    R6. Capture 1c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d      R7. Capture 5a.

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1011-2202-1101                                        Rotations: 6/7
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
2  [*][*][X][*]     R4. Capture 1a.
1  [_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c.
                    R6. Capture 3d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1011-2202-1111                                        Rotations: 5/6
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
2  [*][*][X][*]     R4. Capture 1a.
1  [_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1012-0011-0211                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 3b.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 4d.
1  [_][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1012-0011-2111                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
4  [_][_][X][X]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1d.
3  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 3d.
2  [X][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 5d.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1012-1011                                             Rotations: 6/6
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
4  [_][X][X][X]     R2. Bomb, capture 1a.
3  [_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
2  [_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 4a, bomb.
                    R6. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1012-1111-0121                                        Rotations: 4/5
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

5  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [X][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1012-1111-0201                                        Rotations: 6/6
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
4  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [X][*][X][_]     R3. Capture 3b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 2a, bomb.
                    R6. Capture 3d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1012-1111-1112                                        Rotations: 7/?
-------------------------

5  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
4  [*][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 3a.
                    R6. Bomb, then capture 4a, mark spot 3b.
    a  b  c  d      R7. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4b is protected.

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1012-1211-1011                                        Rotations: 6/6
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
4  [*][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 2a, bomb.
                    R6. Capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1012-1211-1110                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
4  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 5a.
1  [_][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1012-1212                                             Rotations: 6/6
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb, mark row b.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
3  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2b.
2  [_][*][_][*]     R4. Capture 1a.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 2a.
                    R6. Capture 3b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1012-1221                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
2  [_][*][*][_]     R4. Capture 5a.
1  [_][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1012-2011-0020                                        Rotations: 6/7
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a, mark row c.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
3  [X][X][*][X]     R3. Wait.
2  [*][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 3c.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 1a.
                    R6. Bomb, capture 1d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1012-2011-1120                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][*][X]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2a.
2  [*][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1012-2011-1212                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][*][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [*][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1012-2111                                             Rotations: 3/4
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

5  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Bomb 3 times, then capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_]
1  [_][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1020-0111                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [X][X][_][X]     R1. Capture 1c.
4  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
1  [_][X][*][X]     R5. Capture 5c.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1020-1111                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
4  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
3  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5d, bomb.
1  [_][X][*][X]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1020-1212-1111                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][X][_][X]     R1. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
2  [_][*][_][*]     R4. Bomb, capture 5c.
1  [_][X][*][X]     R5. Capture 5a.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1020-1212-1212                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][*][_][*]     R3. Bomb.
2  [_][*][_][*]     R4. Bomb.
1  [_][X][*][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1020-2211                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2a.
2  [*][*][_][_]     R4. Wait.
1  [_][X][*][X]     R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1021-0111                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1c.
4  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
2  [X][_][_][_]
1  [_][X][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1021-1212                                             Rotations: 5/6
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][*]     R4. Capture 2a, re-mark spot 2a.
1  [_][X][*][_]     R5. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3a is protected.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1100-0121                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 4a, mark row c.
4  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
3  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
2  [X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [_][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 1b.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1100-1112                                             Rotations: 6/6
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [*][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 3a.
1  [_][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 1b.
                    R6. Capture 2b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1100-1122                                             Rotations: 4/?
--------------------

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [*][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][*][*]     R4. Bomb.
1  [_][_][X][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1100-2111                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][*][_][X]     R1. Capture 3c, bomb.
4  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5b.
1  [_][_][X][X]     R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1101-0012                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 3a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, capture 1d.
3  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
2  [X][X][_][*]     R4. Bomb, capture 1a.
1  [_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 1b.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1101-0121                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
4  [_][*][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
1  [_][_][X][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1102-0211                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
3  [*][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
2  [X][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 5d.
1  [_][_][X][*]     R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1102-1011                                             Rotations: 5/?
--------------------

5  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 3b.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
3  [X][*][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1d.
2  [_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 2a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1102-1222                                             Rotations: 6/6
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [_][*][*][*]     R4. Capture 1d.
1  [_][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 5a.
                    R6. Capture 5d.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1110-0021                                             Rotations: 7/8
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

5  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
4  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
2  [X][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 1b.
1  [_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb, re-mark spot 1a.
                    R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d      R7. Capture 3a.

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1110-0212                                             Rotations: 6/6
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1a.
2  [X][*][_][*]     R4. Bomb, capture 2b.
1  [_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 1c.
                    R6. Bomb, capture 2c.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1110-2022                                             Rotations: 6/6
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a, mark row d.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
3  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
2  [*][X][*][*]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 1b.
                    R6. Capture 1c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1111-0020                                             Rotations: 6/7
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [*][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2c.
2  [X][X][*][X]     R4. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1b, bomb.
                    R6. Capture 1d.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1111-1101                                             Rotations: 8/8
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [*][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 2d.
2  [_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 3d.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c.
                    R6. Capture 1b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d      R7. Capture 1a.
                    R8. Capture 5a.

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1112-0011-0020                                        Rotations: 4/?
-------------------------

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
4  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
3  [X][X][*][X]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1112-0011-0110                                        Rotations: 6/7
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

5  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
4  [X][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [X][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 3c.
2  [X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 4c.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
                    R6. Capture 1b.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1112-0011-1112                                        Rotations: 5/6
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a, bomb.
4  [*][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b, mark spot 3c.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4c is protected.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1112-0021                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a, bomb.
4  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
2  [X][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1112-1011-1220                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][*][*][X]     R3. Capture 2a.
2  [_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2b, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1112-1011-2012                                        Rotations: 6/7
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [*][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
2  [_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1b.
                    R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1112-1011-2101                                        Rotations: 7/7
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][*][_][X]     R1. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 2a.
3  [*][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 3a.
2  [_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 3d, bomb.
                    R6. Capture 4d.
    a  b  c  d      R7. Capture 1b.

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1112-1011-2122                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [*][_][*][*]     R3. Capture 2a.
2  [_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1b, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1112-1011-2210                                        Rotations: 6/7
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
4  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [*][*][_][X]     R3. Capture 2a.
2  [_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
                    R6. Capture 1b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1112-1021                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1a.
2  [_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 2a, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1112-2011                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][*][_][X]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1112-2012-1100                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 2a.
2  [*][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1b.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1112-2012-1101                                        Rotations: 5/6
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [*][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1b, mark spot 2c.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in spot 3c is protected.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1112-2021                                             Rotations: 5/6
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
3  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2a.
2  [*][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 1b, mark spot 2a.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3a is protected.

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x5 Puzzle 1120                                                  Rotations: 4/5
---------------                                                   True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2d.
4  [_][*][_][*]     R2. Bomb, bomb, capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
2  [X][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1121-0111                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][X]     R2. Bomb, capture 1a.
3  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
2  [X][_][_][_]
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1121-1000                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [*][*][*][*]     R3. Capture 1b.
2  [_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 2a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1121-1211-0101                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
3  [X][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 3b, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 3d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1121-1211-1112                                        Rotations: 3/4
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

5  [X][_][*][*]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb.
4  [_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 4a, bomb, mark spot 3b.
3  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 4b is protected.
2  [_][*][_][_]
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1121-1212                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
3  [X][X][*][X]     R3. Capture 2a.
2  [_][*][_][*]     R4. Bomb, then capture 3c.
1  [_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1121-2112                                             Rotations: 5/?
--------------------

5  [_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
2  [*][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1a.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1122-0111                                             Rotations: 5/?
--------------------

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
3  [*][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 3a, mark spot 2b.
1  [_][_][*][*]     R5. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3b is protected.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1122-1011                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
3  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
2  [_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][*]     R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1122-2111                                             Rotations: 6/6
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [X][X][X][*]     R3. Capture 2a.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
1  [_][_][*][*]     R5. Wait.
                    R6. Bomb, then capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1201-0111                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][*][*]     R3. Capture 1d.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][X][_]     R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1201-1110-1111                                        Rotations: 3/3
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X]
1  [_][*][X][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1201-1110-2111                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
3  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 5a.
1  [_][*][X][_]

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x5 Puzzle 1202                                                  Rotations: 5/5
---------------                                                       Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [*][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2b, bomb.
1  [_][*][X][*]     R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1210-1111                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
4  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, bomb.
3  [_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 5b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5d, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1210-1112                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, mark row d.
4  [_][X][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
3  [_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 4a.
1  [_][*][_][X]     R5. Capture 5a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1210-1121-0011                                        Rotations: 6/7
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
4  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 2a.
3  [X][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 4a.
1  [_][*][_][X]     R5. Bomb, capture 3c.
                    R6. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1210-1121-1011                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
4  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 3a.</pre><pre id="faqspan-6">2  [_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 4a.
1  [_][*][_][X]     R5. Bomb, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1210-1121-1111                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4a, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 5a.
1  [_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1210-2112                                             Rotations: 4/5
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb, mark front of row d.
4  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Wait.
3  [X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d, mark spot 2b.
2  [*][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 3b is protected.
1  [_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1211-0001                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
3  [*][*][*][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
2  [X][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 2d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1211-0102-1111                                        Rotations: 6/6
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
2  [X][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 1a.
1  [_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
                    R6. Capture 2b.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1211-0102-1211                                        Rotations: 6/6
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
3  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
2  [X][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 1a.
1  [_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
                    R6. Capture 2b.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1211-1112                                             Rotations: 4/?
--------------------

5  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a, mark spot 3c.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4c is protected.
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1212-1111-0001                                        Rotations: 8/8
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [X][*][X][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 2b.
3  [X][X][X][_]     R3. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4b.
1  [_][*][_][*]     R5. Capture 3d.
                    R6. Bomb, then capture 4d.
    a  b  c  d      R7. Wait.
                    R8. Bomb.

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1212-1111-0101                                        Rotations: 8/8
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [X][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [X][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 3b, re-mark spot 3b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
1  [_][*][_][*]     R5. Capture 5b.
                    R6. Capture 3d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d      R7. Capture 4d.
                    R8. Bomb.

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1212-1111-2021                                        Rotations: 4/5
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [*][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 3a, mark spot 2b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3b is protected.
1  [_][*][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1212-2110                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 3a.
2  [*][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 4a.
1  [_][*][_][*]     R5. Bomb, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1212-2111-1011                                        Rotations: 4/5
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

5  [_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 4d, mark spot 2b.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3b is protected.
1  [_][*][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1212-2111-1111                                        Rotations: 5/6
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

5  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 3c.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 5c.
1  [_][*][_][*]     R5. Capture 4d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1221-1001                                             Rotations: 6/6
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
3  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
2  [_][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
1  [_][*][*][_]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
                    R6. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1221-1111-1111-0010                                   Rotations: 7/7
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

5  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
4  [X][X][_][X]     R2. Bomb, mark spot 3b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5b.
1  [_][*][*][_]     R5. Capture 4c, bomb, mark spot 3d.
                    R6. Wait.
    a  b  c  d      R7. Capture 5d.

------------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1221-1111-1111-0111                                   Rotations: 5/5
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

5  [*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 1c.
4  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d, bomb.
1  [_][*][*][_]     R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1221-1111-1112                                        Rotations: 4/5
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

5  [_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
4  [X][X][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
1  [_][*][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1222-2111-0020                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 3c.
3  [X][X][*][X]     R3. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
1  [_][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 1222-2111-1111                                        Rotations: 5/6
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb 3 times.
4  [X][X][*][X]     R2. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4c, mark spot 3a.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
1  [_][*][*][*]     R5. Capture 5a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2000-1221                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [X][X][_][X]     R1. Capture 2b.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a.
2  [_][*][*][_]     R4. Capture 5c.
1  [*][X][X][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2000-1222                                             Rotations: 4/5
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

5  [X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d, mark row b.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, capture 2b.
2  [_][*][*][*]     R4. Bomb, capture 1a.
1  [*][X][X][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2010-1111                                             Rotations: 8/?
--------------------

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
4  [_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2c, bomb.
1  [*][X][_][X]     R5. Capture 3d.
                    R6. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d      R7. Capture 5b.
                    R8. Capture 5a, bomb.

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2010-1210                                             Rotations: 3/5
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

5  [_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 4d, bomb 3 times.
4  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a, mark front of row b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 1b is protected.
2  [_][*][_][X]
1  [*][X][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2011-1201-1111                                        Rotations: 6/6
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d, bomb.
2  [_][*][X][_]     R4. Capture 3d.
1  [*][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 4d, bomb.
                    R6. Capture 1c.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2011-1201-1121                                        Rotations: 6/6
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [_][*][X][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
1  [*][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
                    R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2011-2220                                             Rotations: 4/?
--------------------

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
2  [*][*][*][X]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1a.
1  [*][X][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2012-1012                                             Rotations: 6/?
--------------------

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
2  [_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [*][X][_][*]     R5. Mark spot 2c.
                    R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3c is protected.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2012-1021                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb, mark row a.
4  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
1  [*][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2012-1100-1111                                        Rotations: 4/4
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][X][X]     R4. Bomb.
1  [*][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2012-1100-1211                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][X][X]     R4. Bomb.
1  [*][X][_][*]     R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2012-1111                                             Rotations: 5/6
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][X][X]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark front of row b.
3  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2b.
1  [*][X][_][*]     R5. Bomb, capture 2a.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2012-1211-1110                                        Rotations: 4/5
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

5  [*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
4  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 5a.
1  [*][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2012-1211-1111                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 4d.
1  [*][X][_][*]     R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2101-1121                                             Rotations: 5/?
--------------------

5  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2c.
4  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 5d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2101-2101                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [*][_][X][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 2d.
1  [*][_][X][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2102-1111                                             Rotations: 6/6
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4a.
1  [*][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 5a.
                    R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2102-1121                                             Rotations: 5/?
--------------------

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
4  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1d, mark front of row c.
3  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 2c.
1  [*][_][X][*]     R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2102-2111                                             Rotations: 4/5
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 3a, mark spot 2b.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 3b is protected.
1  [*][_][X][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2110-1100                                             Rotations: 5/6
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
4  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, capture 1a.
3  [_][_][*][_]     R3. Bomb, capture 1c, mark spot 3a.
2  [_][_][X][X]     R4. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 5a.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2110-1101-1020                                        Rotations: 6/6
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
3  [_][X][*][X]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 3a, mark front of row d.
1  [*][_][_][X]     R5. Wait.
                    R6. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2110-1101-1121                                        Rotations: 6/6
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, capture 1a.
3  [_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb, mark row d.
2  [_][_][X][_]     R4. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 2d.
                    R6. Capture 4a.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2110-1211                                             Rotations: 3/4
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

5  [X][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 3c, bomb, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 5c.
3  [_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 5b, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_]
1  [*][_][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2111-1000                                             Rotations: 6/6
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, capture 1a.
3  [_][*][_][*]     R3. Capture 1b.
2  [_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 1c.
1  [*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
                    R6. Capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2111-1101-0021                                        Rotations: 6/6
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
4  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
3  [X][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2d.
                    R6. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2111-1101-0121                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
4  [X][*][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [X][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2d.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2111-1101-1120                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
4  [_][*][_][*]     R2. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][*][X]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
1  [*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2111-1102-1111                                        Rotations: 5/6
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
4  [*][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2d.
2  [_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 1a.
1  [*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2111-1102-2021                                        Rotations: 6/6
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [*][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 3a.
1  [*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c.
                    R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2111-1102-2100                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
3  [*][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2111-1201                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
3  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
2  [_][*][X][_]     R4. Capture 2d, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2111-1210                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
3  [_][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 2c.
2  [_][*][_][X]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2111-2101                                             Rotations: 6/7
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
3  [X][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [*][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
1  [*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2d.
                    R6. Capture 3d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2112-1101                                             Rotations: 6/6
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
4  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 2d, bomb, mark spot 3a.
1  [*][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb.
                    R6. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2112-1111-0001                                        Rotations: 5/6
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

5  [X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 4b.
4  [X][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [X][X][X][_]     R3. Capture 3d.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4d.
1  [*][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2112-1111-1101                                        Rotations: 6/6
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
4  [*][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 4a.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3d.
1  [*][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb, then capture 4d.
                    R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2112-1111-2011                                        Rotations: 5/6
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][X][*]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4d, mark spot 3c.
1  [*][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4c is protected.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2112-1111-2100                                        Rotations: 4/5
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
4  [_][X][_][*]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
3  [*][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 3b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4b is protected.
1  [*][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2112-1121                                             Rotations: 5/?
--------------------

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][X]     R3. Wait.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R4. Mark spot 2b.
1  [*][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 3b is protected.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2112-2111                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [X][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 1c.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
1  [*][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x5 Puzzle 2121                                                  Rotations: 3/3
---------------                                                       Brilliant

5  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb, bomb.
4  [_][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 4a, bomb, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 5a, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][*]
1  [*][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2211-1111                                             Rotations: 4/5
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, capture 1d.
3  [_][_][*][*]     R3. Capture 4a, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5a.
1  [*][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2211-1121                                             Rotations: 4/6
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 3d, bomb.
1  [*][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2221-1111-0202                                        Rotations: 4/5
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 3b.
3  [X][*][X][*]     R3. Capture 3d, mark spot 2c.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3c is protected.
1  [*][*][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2221-1111-1012                                        Rotations: 4/?
-------------------------

5  [*][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][X][_][*]     R3. Mark spot 2b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 3b is protected.
1  [*][*][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2221-1111-1110                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

5  [_][X][_][X]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][X]     R3. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5a.
1  [*][*][*][_]     R5. Capture 5c.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2221-2221                                             Rotations: 3/3
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

5  [X][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 5d.
2  [*][*][*][_]
1  [*][*][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2222-0010                                             Rotations: 7/8
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
2  [X][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 1c, mark front of row a.
1  [*][*][*][*]     R5. Wait.
                    R6. Capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d      R7. Capture 2c, bomb.

------------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2222-1111-1111-1011                                   Rotations: 5/6
------------------------------                                    True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
4  [_][X][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Mark spot 3b.
1  [*][*][*][*]     R5. Bomb while Forbidden Qube is protected.

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x5 Puzzle 2222-1111-1111-1111                                   Rotations: 4/4
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
1  [*][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d


   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     3.2.2 SECOND STAGE, WAVES 3 &amp; 4 - 4x6 PUZZLES
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0001-0201                                             Rotations: 6/7
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
3  [X][X][X][*]     R4. Bomb, then capture 3d.
2  [X][*][X][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][_]     R6. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0001-2012                                             Rotations: 9/9
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][X][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2d, mark row c.
3  [_][_][_][X]     R4. Wait.
2  [*][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 2c.
1  [X][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 3c, mark spot 2d.
                    R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 4d.
                    R9. Capture 6b, bomb.

------------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0001-2101-1101-1202                                   Rotations: 7/7
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][*][X][*]     R3. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 3d, bomb.
2  [*][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 4d.
1  [X][X][X][_]     R6. Wait.
                    R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0001-2101-1101-1211                                   Rotations: 7/7
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

6  [_][_][*][*]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 3d.
2  [*][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 4d, bomb.
1  [X][X][X][_]     R6. Bomb 3 times.
                    R7. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0001-2112                                             Rotations: 7/8
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d, mark front of row c.
3  [_][*][X][X]     R4. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 2c.
1  [X][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 5a, bomb.
                    R7. Capture 5b.
    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x6 Puzzle 0002                                                  Rotations: 6/6
---------------                                                       Brilliant

6  [X][X][_][*]     R1. Capture 1d, mark front of row a.
5  [_][_][X][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2a.
3  [*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5d.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, bomb, then capture 6d.
1  [X][X][X][*]     R6. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0010-0221                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [X][X][_][*]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 5d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 6d, bomb.
2  [X][*][*][_]
1  [X][X][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0010-1212                                             Rotations: 7/7
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d, mark row b.
5  [X][_][X][*]     R2. Bomb.
4  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][*]     R5. Capture 5d.
1  [X][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 5b.
                    R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0010-1222                                             Rotations: 6/?
--------------------

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c, bomb.
5  [X][X][_][X]     R2. Capture 1c, mark front of row a.
4  [X][*][*][*]     R3. Wait.
3  [X][*][*][*]     R4. Capture 2a.
2  [_][*][*][*]     R5. Capture 5c.
1  [X][X][_][X]     R6. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0010-2122                                             Rotations: 6/7
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c, mark front of row a.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [X][_][*][*]     R4. Capture 1c.
2  [*][_][*][*]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][X]     R6. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0011-1012                                            Rotations: 8/10
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
5  [_][_][*][X]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 2d, bomb, mark spot 3c.
3  [*][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 5c, mark front of row a.
1  [X][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
                    R7. Capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 4d, bomb.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0011-1112                                           Rotations: 10/11
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d, bomb, mark front of row b.
5  [*][_][_][*]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][*][X][X]     R3. Capture 2b, re-mark spot 2b.
3  [_][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 4b, mark spot 3d.
1  [X][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
                    R7. Bomb, bomb, then capture 5d, mark front of row a.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Bomb.
                    R9. Capture 2a.
                    R10. Capture 3a.

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0011-2101-1102                                        Rotations: 7/8
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 3d, mark front of row b.
2  [*][_][X][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 2b, bomb.
                    R7. Capture 1c.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0011-2101-1111                                      Rotations: 12/12
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

6  [_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][X][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3d.
2  [*][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 1c, mark spot 3d.
1  [X][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
                    R7. Capture 5d, mark spot 1c.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Wait.
                    R9. Capture 3c, bomb.
                    R10. Capture 5b.
                    R11. Capture 5a.
                    R12. Capture 6a.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0011-2102                                            Rotations: 7/11
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c, mark row a.
4  [_][_][X][*]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
2  [*][_][X][*]     R5. Bomb, capture 1d.
1  [X][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 3d.
                    R7. Capture 4d.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 5a.
                    R9. Capture 6a.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0011-2110                                             Rotations: 9/9
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3c.
2  [*][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 5b.
1  [X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d, bomb, re-mark spot 1d.
                    R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 3d.
                    R9. Capture 4d.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0011-2112                                             Rotations: 6/?
--------------------

6  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2d, bomb, mark front of row a.
5  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][*][X][X]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
2  [*][_][_][*]     R5. Mark spot 4a.
1  [X][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 5a is protected.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0012-0011                                             Rotations: 2/3
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
5  [X][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
4  [X][_][_][_]
3  [X][_][*][_]
2  [X][X][_][_]
1  [X][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0012-1111-1011                                      Rotations: 10/11
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [X][X][*][X]     R2. Capture 1d, mark front of row a.
4  [_][*][_][*]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c, mark spot 2b.
1  [X][X][_][*]     R6. Wait.
                    R7. Bomb, then capture 4b.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 3a.
                    R9. Capture 4a.
                    R10. Bomb, then capture 5c.

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0012-1111-2000                                       Rotations: 9/10
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 2d.
4  [_][*][X][*]     R3. Wait.
3  [*][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 4d, mark front of row b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 2b, bomb.
                    R7. Capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Wait.
                    R9. Bomb.

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0012-1111-2100                                        Rotations: 7/9
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a, bomb.
5  [X][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 2d.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [*][_][X][X]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5d, bomb, mark spot 4a.
1  [X][X][_][*]     R6. Wait.
                    R7. Capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0012-1112-0011                                        Rotations: 6/6
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

6  [*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 2d, mark front of row a.
5  [X][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [X][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1d, mark front of row b.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb.
1  [X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 2b, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0012-1112-2100                                        Rotations: 7/7
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb, mark front of row a.
5  [X][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [*][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 3a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][*]     R6. Wait.
                    R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0012-2011                                             Rotations: 5/7
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][*][X][_]     R3. Bomb, mark spot 2c.
3  [_][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
2  [*][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4c is protected.
1  [X][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0012-2111-0110                                        Rotations: 8/9
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a, mark front of row b.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 2b.
3  [X][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb, mark spot 2d.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 4d.
                    R7. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 3b, bomb.

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0012-2111-1011                                        Rotations: 6/7
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [_][_][*][*]     R1. Capture 2a, mark front of row b.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][*][_][X]     R3. Capture 2b.
3  [_][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1d.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, bomb.
1  [X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 3a.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0012-2111-1110                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][*][X][X]     R3. Capture 3c.
3  [_][_][_][X]     R4. Bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
1  [X][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0012-2111-1111-1100                                   Rotations: 8/8
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

6  [_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, mark front of row a.
4  [_][_][X][X]     R3. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a, mark spot 3c.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 5c, bomb, bomb, mark spot 3d.
                    R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 5d.

------------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0012-2111-1111-1200                                   Rotations: 6/8
------------------------------                                    True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, mark front of row a.
5  [_][X][_][*]     R2. Bomb.
4  [_][*][X][X]     R3. Capture 2a, mark spot 3d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5d, mark spot 4b.
1  [X][X][_][*]     R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5b is protected.

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0012-2111-1111-1201                                   Rotations: 7/7
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, mark front of row a.
5  [X][_][*][_]     R2. Bomb.
4  [_][*][X][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4d, bomb, mark spot 3c.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 5c.
                    R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0012-2111-1112                                        Rotations: 7/?
-------------------------

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [X][*][X][X]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1d.
4  [_][_][X][_]     R3. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5b.
1  [X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 4d.
                    R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0012-2211                                            Rotations: 8/11
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [*][*][X][*]     R3. Wait.
3  [*][*][X][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [*][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 5a.
1  [X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 4d.
                    R7. Capture 5b.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 6a, bomb.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0020-0111                                             Rotations: 6/6
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
5  [X][X][_][X]     R2. Wait.
4  [X][*][_][*]     R3. Bomb.
3  [X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5c.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][X][*][X]     R6. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0020-0112                                             Rotations: 7/8
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1c, mark front of row a.
5  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
2  [X][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb, then capture 4a.
1  [X][X][*][X]     R6. Mark spot 4a.
                    R7. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5a is protected.
    a  b  c  d

-----------------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0020-1211-1111-1111-1020                              Rotations: 6/6
-----------------------------------                                   Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
5  [_][X][*][X]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 5c.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 5a.
1  [X][X][*][X]     R6. Capture 6a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-----------------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0020-1211-1111-1111-2000                              Rotations: 7/8
-----------------------------------                               True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [*][X][X][X]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1c, mark spot 4c.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 6c, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 5a, mark spot 4d.
1  [X][X][*][X]     R6. Wait.
                    R7. Capture 6d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0020-1211-1112                                        Rotations: 7/8
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [_][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1c, mark row a.
3  [_][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a, bomb.
1  [X][X][*][X]     R6. Capture 6a, bomb.
                    R7. Capture 6d.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0020-2111                                             Rotations: 7/7
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [X][*][X][X]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1c.
4  [_][_][*][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5b.
1  [X][X][*][X]     R6. Wait.
                    R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x6 Puzzle 0022                                                  Rotations: 8/8
---------------                                                       Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb, mark row b.
5  [X][*][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b, mark row a.
3  [_][X][X][*]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a, bomb.
1  [X][X][*][*]     R6. Capture 3a.
                    R7. Capture 4a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 3d.

---------------
4x6 Puzzle 0100                                                  Rotations: 5/6
---------------                                                   True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb, mark front of row d.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
2  [*][*][*][*]     R5. Bomb.
1  [X][_][X][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0101-0110                                             Rotations: 8/9
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1b.
4  [X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b.
3  [X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 3c.
2  [X][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
1  [X][_][X][_]     R6. Wait.
                    R7. Capture 3d, bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 3b.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0101-2111                                             Rotations: 8/8
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [*][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 2d, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 3d.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4d, mark front of row c.
1  [X][_][X][_]     R6. Wait.
                    R7. Capture 2c.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 1b, bomb.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0102-0111                                             Rotations: 6/7
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [X][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 4b, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2b, bomb.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5d.
1  [X][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 6d.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0102-1211                                             Rotations: 6/7
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [X][X][_][*]     R2. Bomb, capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, mark spot 4b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R5. Bomb, bomb, capture 6b.
1  [X][_][X][*]     R6. Bomb, capture 2d.

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x6 Puzzle 0110                                                  Rotations: 6/8
---------------                                                   True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2c.
3  [*][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1b.
2  [X][*][*][X]     R5. Capture 6c, bomb.
1  [X][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 6d.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0111-0010                                             Rotations: 7/9
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
5  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
4  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
3  [X][*][*][X]     R4. Capture 1b.
2  [X][X][_][X]     R5. Bomb, then capture 3c.
1  [X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d.
                    R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0111-0121                                             Rotations: 7/?
--------------------

6  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 4a.
5  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
4  [_][X][X][_]     R3. Capture 2c, bomb, mark spot 3b.
3  [X][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 5b.
1  [X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4d, bomb.
                    R7. Capture 5d.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0111-2200                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [X][X][_][X]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.</pre><pre id="faqspan-7">4  [_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [*][*][X][X]     R5. Capture 6c.
1  [X][_][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0112-0101-0110                                        Rotations: 7/?
-------------------------

6  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
5  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
3  [X][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 2b.
2  [X][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 3b.
1  [X][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb 3 times, capture 1c.
                    R7. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0112-0101-1100                                        Rotations: 6/?
-------------------------

6  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 4a, bomb 3 times.
5  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [*][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 2b.
2  [X][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 1c.
1  [X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 2d.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0112-1211                                             Rotations: 6/?
--------------------

6  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [X][X][X][_]     R2. Bomb, capture 1b.
4  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
1  [X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 5d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x6 Puzzle 0120                                                  Rotations: 4/4
---------------                                                       Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
5  [_][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
4  [_][*][*][_]     R3. Capture 2b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2c, bomb, bomb.
2  [X][_][_][X]
1  [X][_][*][X]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0121-1111-1211-1002                                   Rotations: 7/?
------------------------------

6  [*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1c.
4  [_][X][X][*]     R3. Bomb.
3  [_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 4d.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
1  [X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 4a.
                    R7. Bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0121-1111-1211-1110                                   Rotations: 4/4
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

6  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, mark front of row a.
5  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]
1  [X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0121-1111-2101                                        Rotations: 7/?
-------------------------

6  [X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][*]     R2. Capture 3d.
4  [*][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 4d.
3  [*][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 5d, mark front of row a.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb.
                    R7. Capture 3a, bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0121-1112                                             Rotations: 6/8
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Bomb.
3  [*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0121-1121                                             Rotations: 5/?
--------------------

6  [X][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb, mark front of row a.
5  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [X][X][_][X]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [X][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 3c.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 4c, bomb.
1  [X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x6 Puzzle 0122                                                  Rotations: 7/7
---------------                                                       Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [_][*][X][*]     R3. Bomb, then capture 3a.
3  [*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 4d, mark spot 2b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][_][*][*]     R6. Capture 4b, mark spot 3c.
                    R7. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4c is protected.
    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0200-1112-1111-1111                                   Rotations: 6/8
------------------------------                                    True Genius!!

6  [*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, mark front of row d.
5  [X][X][*][X]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 5c, mark spot 4a.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][*][X][X]     R6. Bomb, then capture 6a.

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0200-1112-1111-2111                                   Rotations: 5/5
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

6  [_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 1b, mark row d.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, bomb, then capture 2d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 6a.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb.
1  [X][*][X][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0201-0011                                             Rotations: 8/9
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1d.
3  [*][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 2d.
2  [X][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 3d.
1  [X][*][X][_]     R6. Wait.
                    R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Bomb.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0201-1002                                             Rotations: 8/9
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [*][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2d, mark front of row a.
2  [_][X][X][*]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][*][X][_]     R6. Capture 2a, bomb.
                    R7. Capture 6a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 6c.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0210-0110                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
5  [_][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
4  [_][*][*][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2b, bomb, bomb.
2  [X][_][_][X]
1  [X][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0210-1111-2120                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, mark front of row d.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [*][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2d, bomb.
3  [*][_][*][X]     R4. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
1  [X][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0210-1111-2121                                        Rotations: 4/5
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, mark front of row d.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][*][_]     R3. Bomb, capture 2d.
3  [*][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]
1  [X][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x6 Puzzle 0211                                                  Rotations: 7/7
---------------                                                       Brilliant

6  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
5  [*][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 3d.
2  [_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 1c.
1  [X][*][_][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 5a, mark spot 4b.
                    R7. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5b is protected.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0220-1211                                             Rotations: 6/7
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][X]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, capture 1b, mark spot 4d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 6d.
1  [X][*][*][X]     R6. Capture 6c.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 0220-2112                                             Rotations: 6/6
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [X][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, mark front of row a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2a.
2  [*][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 6b.
1  [X][*][*][X]     R6. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x6 Puzzle 1000                                                  Rotations: 7/7
---------------                                                       Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [*][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 4a, mark front of row b.
1  [_][X][X][X]     R6. Wait.
                    R7. Capture 2b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1001-1000                                             Rotations: 6/?
--------------------

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, re-mark spot 1d.
4  [_][_][_][X]     R3. Wait.
3  [*][*][*][_]     R4. Capture 3d.
2  [_][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [_][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 2a.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1001-1012                                             Rotations: 5/6
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [X][X][X][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 5d.
3  [X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
2  [_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 2a, bomb.
1  [_][X][X][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1001-1112                                            Rotations: 11/?
--------------------

6  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
3  [_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 2a.
1  [_][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 3a, bomb, bomb.
                    R7. Capture 4a, mark front of row b.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Wait.
                    R9. Capture 2b, re-mark spot 2b.
                    R10. Bomb.
                    R11. Capture 4b.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1001-1121                                             Rotations: 7/7
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [_][X][_][X]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 6a.
1  [_][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 5d.
                    R7. Capture 6c.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1001-2101                                            Rotations: 9/10
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
5  [*][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [*][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 2d.
1  [_][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 3d.
                    R7. Capture 4d.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 5a, mark spot 4b.
                    R9. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5b is protected.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1010-0011                                             Rotations: 6/?
--------------------

6  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
4  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
3  [_][_][*][X]     R4. Capture 3c.
2  [X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a.
1  [_][X][_][X]     R6. Bomb until clear.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1010-0012                                             Rotations: 6/7
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b, mark front of row d.
5  [_][_][*][X]     R2. Bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
3  [_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [X][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 1a.
1  [_][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 6a.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1010-1010                                             Rotations: 6/6
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
5  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 2c.
4  [_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 3c.
3  [_][X][*][X]     R4. Capture 1a.
2  [_][X][_][X]     R5. Capture 2a.
1  [_][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 3a, bomb 3 times.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1010-1100                                            Rotations: 8/10
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
5  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, re-mark spot 2a.
3  [X][_][*][*]     R4. Bomb.
2  [_][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 4a.
1  [_][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 1c, mark front of row b.
                    R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 2b, bomb.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1010-1211                                             Rotations: 7/9
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [X][X][_][*]     R1. Capture 3d, bomb, mark front of row b.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b.
3  [_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c.
1  [_][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 5d.
                    R7. Capture 6d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1010-2021                                             Rotations: 6/?
--------------------

6  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
3  [_][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 2a, mark front of row d.
2  [*][X][*][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 2d, bomb, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1012-0011-2111                                        Rotations: 6/7
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
5  [_][_][X][*]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
3  [*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 5d, mark spot 4c.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5c is protected.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1012-0011-2112                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

6  [X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, re-mark spot 1a.
4  [_][_][X][X]     R3. Wait.
3  [*][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 3a.
2  [X][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1012-0111                                             Rotations: 7/8
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 2b.
4  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [X][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 4b.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 3d.
                    R7. Capture 4d.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1012-0211                                             Rotations: 8/?
--------------------

6  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 3b.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, mark front of row b.
4  [_][_][_][X]     R3. Wait.
3  [X][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 2b.
2  [X][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 3d, re-mark spot 3d.
                    R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 5d.

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1012-1011-2011                                        Rotations: 7/7
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

6  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
5  [_][_][X][*]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 4d, bomb.
2  [_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 5d.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 2a.
                    R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1012-1011-2100                                        Rotations: 7/9
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
3  [*][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 3a.
2  [_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 6a.
                    R7. Capture 6b.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1012-1012                                             Rotations: 6/6
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [*][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 3a, mark spot 2d.
2  [_][X][_][*]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 4d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1012-1111-0011                                        Rotations: 7/8
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4b.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [X][*][*][X]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 4c, mark row b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 2b, bomb.
                    R7. Capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1012-1111-1011                                        Rotations: 8/9
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [X][*][_][X]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2b.
3  [_][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4b.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 2a.
                    R7. Capture 3a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 4c, bomb.

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1012-1111-2011                                        Rotations: 7/8
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [_][*][X][X]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a.
3  [*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 4c.
                    R7. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5c is protected.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1012-1121                                             Rotations: 8/8
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
3  [*][X][X][*]     R4. Capture 2a.
2  [_][_][*][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 3a.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 3d.
                    R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Bomb.

------------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1012-2011-1100-1102                                   Rotations: 5/7
------------------------------                                    True Genius!!

6  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
5  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][X][*]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2a.
3  [_][_][X][X]     R4. Wait.
2  [*][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1012-2011-1100-1102                                   Rotations: 5/7
------------------------------                                    True Genius!!

6  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
5  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][X][*]     R3. Bomb, capture 2a.
3  [_][_][X][X]     R4. Wait.
2  [*][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1012-2011-1100-1111                                  Rotations: 9/10
------------------------------                                    True Genius!!

6  [X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, mark spot 2c.
3  [_][_][X][X]     R4. Wait.
2  [*][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 4c, mark spot 2d.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R6. Wait.
                    R7. Capture 4d.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 5d, mark spot 4c.
                    R9. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5c is protected.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1012-2111                                             Rotations: 7/8
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
3  [X][X][X][*]     R4. Capture 2a.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3d, mark spot 2c.
1  [_][X][_][*]     R6. Wait.
                    R7. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4c is protected.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1012-2112                                             Rotations: 5/6
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [X][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 4b.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 6b.
2  [*][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1020-0111                                             Rotations: 4/4
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
3  [_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 5d, bomb.
2  [X][_][_][_]
1  [_][X][*][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1020-0112                                             Rotations: 5/?
--------------------

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
5  [_][_][*][X]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
3  [_][*][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
2  [X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 6a.
1  [_][X][*][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1020-1111                                             Rotations: 7/7
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
3  [*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5c, mark spot 4d.
1  [_][X][*][X]     R6. Wait.
                    R7. Capture 6d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x6 Puzzle 1022                                                  Rotations: 6/7
---------------                                                   True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
5  [_][*][X][X]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
3  [*][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, mark spot 4d.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][X][*][*]     R6. Capture 6d.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1100-1012                                           Rotations: 10/10
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
2  [_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 4a.
1  [_][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 1b, re-mark spot 1b.
                    R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 3b.
                    R9. Capture 5d.
                    R10. Capture 6d, bomb.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1100-1020                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][*]     R4. Capture 2a.
2  [_][X][*][X]     R5. Capture 3a, bomb.
1  [_][_][X][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1100-2102                                             Rotations: 6/7
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][X]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [*][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [*][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 5a, mark spot 4b.
1  [_][_][X][X]     R6. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 5b is protected.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1100-2111                                            Rotations: 10/?
--------------------

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb, mark front of row c.
5  [*][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 2c, mark front of row d.
3  [_][_][X][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2d.
1  [_][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 3d.
                    R7. Capture 4a.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 5a.
                    R9. Capture 4d.
                    R10. Bomb.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1101-1021                                             Rotations: 7/7
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
3  [*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b.
2  [_][X][*][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 3a.
1  [_][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 1d.
                    R7. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1101-2101-1102                                        Rotations: 6/7
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
5  [_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 3d.
2  [*][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 4a.
1  [_][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 5a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1101-2101-1112                                        Rotations: 8/9
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
5  [*][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 3d.
2  [*][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 4a, bomb.
1  [_][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 5a.
                    R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Bomb.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1110-0012                                             Rotations: 8/8
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb, re-mark spot 1b.
4  [X][X][*][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][*][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 3b.
2  [X][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
1  [_][_][_][X]     R6. Wait.
                    R7. Capture 3a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 1c.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1110-1000                                             Rotations: 8/9
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
4  [X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [_][_][*][X]     R4. Capture 1a.
2  [_][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 2a, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 3a, mark spot 1b.
                    R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 3b.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1110-1210                                             Rotations: 6/6
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [X][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 4c, bomb, mark spot 3a.
4  [X][_][*][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5a.
2  [_][*][_][X]     R5. Capture 6b.
1  [_][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 6d.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1111-0121                                             Rotations: 8/9
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][*]     R2. Capture 1a, mark spot 3d.
4  [*][X][X][X]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5d, mark spot 1a.
2  [X][_][*][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3a, bomb.
                    R7. Capture 4a, mark spot 3b.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4b is protected.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1111-0122                                             Rotations: 7/8
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 3a.
5  [*][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
4  [_][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 2c, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4a.
2  [X][_][*][*]     R5. Capture 5a.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1a.
                    R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1111-1210                                             Rotations: 8/9
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
5  [*][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
4  [X][X][X][*]     R3. Capture 2b, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4d, mark spot 3a.
2  [_][*][_][X]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 5a.
                    R7. Capture 1d.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Bomb.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1111-2001                                             Rotations: 6/7
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [_][*][*][_]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [*][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1112-0011-0202                                        Rotations: 7/8
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
3  [X][*][X][*]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 3d.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
                    R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1112-0011-1111                                       Rotations: 9/10
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
5  [_][*][X][X]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [X][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4d.
2  [X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 4b.
                    R7. Bomb, capture 5b, mark spot 1a.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Wait.
                    R9. Capture 3a, bomb, bomb.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1112-1000                                             Rotations: 8/8
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
5  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [_][X][X][X]     R5. Bomb, bomb, capture 1d.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 1c, mark spot 1b.
                    R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 3b, bomb.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1112-1011                                             Rotations: 7/8
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
5  [_][*][X][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
2  [_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 1b.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 4d, bomb.
                    R7. Capture 5d.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1112-1211-1011                                        Rotations: 7/8
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [*][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
4  [_][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1a.
3  [_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 3a, bomb.
                    R7. Capture 4a.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1112-1211-1110                                        Rotations: 5/7
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1a.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a.
1  [_][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1112-2111                                             Rotations: 5/7
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
5  [_][_][*][*]     R2. Capture 4a.
4  [_][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][*][X][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3d, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1120-0112                                             Rotations: 7/?
--------------------

6  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 3a.
5  [X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 4a.
1  [_][_][*][X]     R6. Bomb, then capture 5b, mark spot 4a.
                    R7. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5a is protected.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1120-0212                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [X][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 1c, mark row d.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 1d is protected.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Clear mark.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [X][*][_][*]     R5. Capture 6d.
1  [_][_][*][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1121-0100                                             Rotations: 6/6
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [X][X][_][X]     R1. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
3  [_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [X][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 3b, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 6c.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1121-0201                                             Rotations: 7/7
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
5  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb 3 times.
2  [X][*][X][_]     R5. Capture 2b.
1  [_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 2d.
                    R7. Capture 6d.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1122-1011                                             Rotations: 6/7
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [X][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1b, re-mark spot 1b.
2  [_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
1  [_][_][*][*]     R6. Capture 3b, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1122-1111                                             Rotations: 7/7
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
4  [X][X][*][X]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4c.
1  [_][_][*][*]     R6. Wait.
                    R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x6 Puzzle 1201                                                  Rotations: 6/6
---------------                                                       Brilliant

6  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1b.
3  [_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
2  [X][X][X][*]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][*][X][_]     R6. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1210-1110                                             Rotations: 7/7
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [*][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 3c.
4  [_][X][*][X]     R3. Capture 4d.
3  [_][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 4a.
1  [_][*][_][X]     R6. Bomb, then capture 5a.
                    R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1210-1111-1000                                        Rotations: 8/9
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
5  [X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 3a, bomb.
3  [_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 4a, bomb, mark row d.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][*][_][X]     R6. Capture 2d, mark spot 2b.
                    R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 4b.

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1210-1111-1001                                       Rotations: 9/10
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 2c.
4  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][X][X][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5c, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X]     R6. Capture 3a, re-mark spot 3a.
                    R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 5a.
                    R9. Capture 3d.

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1210-1111-1121                                        Rotations: 7/7
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

6  [_][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 1b, mark front of row d.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
4  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d, bomb, mark spot 3a.
3  [_][_][*][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5a.
1  [_][*][_][X]     R6. Capture 6a.
                    R7. Capture 6d.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1210-1121                                             Rotations: 3/4
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 2a.
5  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
4  [X][_][_][*]     R3. Bomb 3 times while Forbidden Qube in 4a is protected.
3  [X][_][_][_]
2  [_][_][*][_]
1  [_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1210-2111                                             Rotations: 7/8
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [*][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
4  [_][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 4a.
3  [_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 5a.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3d.
1  [_][*][_][X]     R6. Bomb, then capture 4d.
                    R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1211-1110                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [X][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
3  [*][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 6b.
2  [_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 6d.
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1211-1112                                             Rotations: 6/8
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [_][*][_][X]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d, mark spot 2b.
3  [X][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 5b, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1211-1120                                             Rotations: 6/?
--------------------

6  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, re-mark spot 1d.
4  [_][X][X][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3d.
2  [_][_][*][X]     R5. Capture 4d.
1  [_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 4a, bomb, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1211-1121                                             Rotations: 2/4
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c, bomb, bomb, mark spot 4d.
5  [_][*][_][X]     R2. Bomb, bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5d is protected.
4  [_][_][*][_]
3  [X][_][_][*]
2  [_][_][*][_]
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1211-2111                                           Rotations: 10/10
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
5  [*][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 3d, re-mark spot 3d.
2  [*][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 5d.
                    R7. Capture 4a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 5a.
                    R9. Wait.
                    R10. Bomb.

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1211-2121-0202                                        Rotations: 6/7
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
3  [X][*][X][*]     R4. Capture 3d.
2  [*][_][*][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][*][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 3b.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1211-2121-1001                                        Rotations: 5/5
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
3  [_][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 3d, bomb.
2  [*][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1211-2121-1111                                        Rotations: 5/?
-------------------------

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 4b, mark spot 3d.
4  [X][*][X][X]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 5d.
2  [*][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 6d.
1  [_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x6 Puzzle 1212                                                Rotations: 10/11
---------------                                                   True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 2d.
4  [_][_][X][*]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 4d.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
1  [_][*][_][*]     R6. Capture 4a, bomb, mark spot 2b.
                    R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 4b.
                    R9. Capture 5b, mark spot 4a.
                    R10. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5a is protected.

---------------
4x6 Puzzle 1220                                                  Rotations: 6/6
---------------                                                       Brilliant

6  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Bomb.
4  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X]     R4. Mark spot 3a.
2  [_][_][_][X]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][*][*][X]     R6. Capture 5a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1221-1112                                             Rotations: 7/8
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
5  [X][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 3a.
4  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][X][X][X]     R4. Bomb, then capture 4a, mark spot 2b.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][*][*][_]     R6. Capture 4b.
                    R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1221-2111-1100                                        Rotations: 3/5
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
5  [_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
4  [*][_][X][X]     R3. Bomb.
3  [_][_][X][X]
2  [*][_][_][_]
1  [_][*][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 1221-2111-1211                                        Rotations: 4/5
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb 4 times.
5  [_][_][*][X]     R2. Capture 3d.
4  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 4d, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 6a.
2  [*][_][_][_]
1  [_][*][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2011-1101                                             Rotations: 8/9
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
5  [_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
4  [_][*][X][*]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 2d, bomb, mark spot 1c.
1  [*][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
                    R7. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 5a, bomb.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2011-1102                                             Rotations: 7/7
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
5  [_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
4  [_][*][*][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
2  [_][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 5a.
1  [*][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
                    R7. Capture 6d.
    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2012-1111-1101-1102                                   Rotations: 7/8
------------------------------                                    True Genius!!

6  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
5  [*][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 3d.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4d.
1  [*][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 5a, mark spot 4b.
                    R7. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5b is protected.
    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2012-1111-1101-1121                                   Rotations: 7/7
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

6  [X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
5  [X][X][X][*]     R2. Capture 1a, mark spot 2c.
4  [_][_][*][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 4c.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3d.
1  [*][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 4d.
                    R7. Bomb, then capture 5d.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2012-1111-1200                                        Rotations: 6/7
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark spot 2d.
4  [_][*][X][*]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][*][X][X]     R4. Bomb, then capture 4d, mark spot 2c.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][X][_][*]     R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4c is protected.

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x6 Puzzle 2020                                                  Rotations: 6/6
---------------                                                       Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
2  [*][X][*][X]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][X][*][X]     R6. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2100-0102                                             Rotations: 8/9
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, mark front of row d.
3  [_][_][X][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [X][_][X][*]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2d.
1  [*][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 2b.
                    R7. Capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Bomb.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2100-1000                                             Rotations: 6/8
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][*][*]     R1. Capture 4c, bomb, bomb.
5  [_][_][*][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][*][*]     R3. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
2  [_][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 3a.
1  [*][_][X][X]     R6. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2100-1100                                             Rotations: 76/
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 3c.
5  [X][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
4  [X][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, mark spot 2a.
3  [*][_][*][*]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][X]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][X]     R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5a is protected.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2100-1111-0010                                      Rotations: 12/13
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2a.
4  [*][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [X][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 4a, mark row c.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
1  [*][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 2c.
                    R7. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 4c, re-mark spot 4c.
                    R9. Wait.
                    R10. Capture 6c, mark spot 2d.
                    R11. Bomb.
                    R12. Capture 4d.

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2100-1111-2211                                        Rotations: 7/7</pre><pre id="faqspan-8">-------------------------                                             Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][*][*]     R2. Capture 1a, mark front of row d.
4  [X][X][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
3  [*][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3c.
1  [*][_][X][X]     R6. Bomb, capture 3d.
                    R7. Bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2100-1112-1111-0011                                   Rotations: 7/7
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, mark row d.
5  [X][*][X][_]     R2. Bomb.
4  [X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d, mark spot 3b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 5b.
1  [*][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 5d.
                    R7. Capture 6d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2100-1112-1111-2011                                   Rotations: 7/7
------------------------------                                        Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1a, mark front of row d.
5  [_][X][X][_]     R2. Bomb.
4  [*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 4a.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 5d.
1  [*][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 6d.
                    R7. Capture 5a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2100-1112-1112                                        Rotations: 7/7
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

6  [_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 1a, mark front of row d.
5  [*][X][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
4  [_][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 4a, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 5a.
1  [*][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 6d.
                    R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2100-1122                                             Rotations: 7/6
--------------------                                      Got any better ideas?

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, mark row d.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
4  [_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 4a.
2  [_][_][*][*]     R5. Capture 5a.
1  [*][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 6a, mark spot 3b.
                    R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2101-0100                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [X][X][_][X]     R1. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
4  [*][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][*][*]     R4. Capture 2b, bomb, bomb.
2  [X][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 6c, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2101-1100-1012                                        Rotations: 6/8
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 3d.
5  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 3a.
3  [_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 4a.
2  [_][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 5a.
1  [*][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 1d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2101-1100-1211                                       Rotations: 8/10
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
5  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [X][X][_][X]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb, re-mark spot 1d.
3  [_][*][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 3d, re-mark spot 3d.
1  [*][_][X][_]     R6. Bomb.
                    R7. Capture 5d.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 4c, bomb.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2101-1111                                            Rotations: 9/10
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [X][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [X][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 2d, re-mark spot 2d.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_]     R6. Wait.
                    R7. Capture 5d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 3c, bomb.
                    R9. Capture 4a, bomb.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2101-1112                                             Rotations: 5/6
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 3a.
3  [*][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R5. capture 6c, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2101-1211-0102                                        Rotations: 9/9
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 1d.
3  [X][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 2d.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 3b.
1  [*][_][X][_]     R6. Bomb, bomb, then capture 3d.
                    R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Wait.
                    R9. Bomb.

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2101-1211-0112                                        Rotations: 8/8
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

6  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 2d.
3  [X][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb, then capture 3d, mark row c.
2  [_][*][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 2c.
                    R7. Bomb, capture 3b.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 3c.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2102-0011                                             Rotations: 6/7
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [X][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, capture 1a, mark spot 4c.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 6c.
1  [*][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 5d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2102-0111                                             Rotations: 5/6
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [*][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2b, bomb, bomb.
2  [X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5d, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][*]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2102-0211                                             Rotations: 6/7
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2b, mark spot 3d.
2  [X][*][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][*]     R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5d is protected.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2102-1100-1111                                        Rotations: 6/7
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
5  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1d, mark spot 3a.
4  [X][X][*][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5a.
2  [_][_][X][X]     R5. Bomb, mark spot 3b.
1  [*][_][X][*]     R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4b is protected.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2102-1100-2100                                        Rotations: 3/?
-------------------------

6  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
5  [*][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb 4 times.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
3  [*][_][X][X]
2  [_][_][X][X]
1  [*][_][X][*]

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2102-1111-0012                                        Rotations: 8/9
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [*][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 4b.
5  [_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, mark spot 2a.
3  [X][X][_][*]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 4a.
1  [*][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 5a, bomb.
                    R7. Capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Bomb.

------------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2102-1111-1011-2011                                   Rotations: 7/8
------------------------------                                    True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [_][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 4a, mark spot 4c.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 6c, bomb.
                    R7. Capture 5d.
    a  b  c  d

------------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2102-1111-1011-2021                                   Rotations: 6/?
------------------------------

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][*][*]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [*][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 3a.
3  [_][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 4a.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][*]     R6. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2110-1111                                            Rotations: 7/10
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [*][X][X][*]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb, mark row d.
3  [_][*][X][X]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2d.
1  [*][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 2c, bomb.
                    R7. Capture 4a.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2110-1112                                            Rotations: 8/10
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
5  [X][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 4a, mark row d.
3  [_][*][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 2d.
1  [*][_][_][X]     R6. Bomb, mark spot 3d.
                    R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5d is protected.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2110-1120                                             Rotations: 7/9
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
5  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 2c, mark spot 3a.
2  [_][_][*][X]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 5a.
                    R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2110-1201                                            Rotations: 8/10
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
3  [_][X][*][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][*][X][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 3c, mark front of row d.
1  [*][_][_][X]     R6. Wait.
                    R7. Capture 2d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 3a.

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2111-1100-1112                                        Rotations: 7/?
-------------------------

6  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
5  [*][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
4  [X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 3a.
3  [_][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 5a.
1  [*][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
                    R7. Capture 6d.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2111-1100-2112                                        Rotations: 6/6
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1a.
5  [_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, re-mark spot 1d.
4  [X][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [*][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 3d.
2  [_][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2111-1101                                             Rotations: 6/?
--------------------

6  [_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 3c.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
4  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][X][*][X]     R4. Capture 3a, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 1d.
1  [*][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2d.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2111-1112                                             Rotations: 9/9
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [*][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 2d, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 4d, mark spot 2b.
1  [*][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
                    R7. Capture 4b.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 4a, mark spot 4b.
                    R9. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5b is protected.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2111-1210                                             Rotations: 5/5
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
4  [*][*][*][*]     R3. Capture 2c.
3  [X][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][X]     R5. Capture 3b, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2112-0220                                             Rotations: 8/?
--------------------

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
2  [X][*][*][X]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2c.
1  [*][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 1d.
                    R7. Mark spot 1d.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 2d is protected.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2112-1011                                             Rotations: 8/8
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 3d.
1  [*][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 4d.
                    R7. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Bomb.

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2112-1111-0001                                        Rotations: 7/8
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [*][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 3d.
3  [X][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 4d, mark spot 2a.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 4a.
                    R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2112-1111-1101                                        Rotations: 8/9
-------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 2c.
4  [*][X][*][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 4c.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4a.
1  [*][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 3d.
                    R7. Capture 4d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 5d.

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2112-1111-1102                                        Rotations: 6/6
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
5  [X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
4  [_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 3d.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2112-1111-1111                                        Rotations: 8/?
-------------------------

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
5  [X][_][X][*]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [*][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5b.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4d.
1  [*][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 5d.
                    R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Bomb.

-------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2112-1111-1211                                        Rotations: 6/6
-------------------------                                             Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][*]     R2. Bomb, capture 1a.
4  [X][_][X][_]     R3. Bomb, capture 4d.
3  [_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 5d.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4b.
1  [*][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2112-1112                                           Rotations: 11/12
--------------------                                              True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 4b.
5  [_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 4a, mark spot 4b.
1  [*][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
                    R7. Bomb, then capture 6b.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 3c, bomb, mark spot 2d.
                    R9. Wait.
                    R10. Capture 4d.
                    R11. Capture 5a.

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2112-1221                                             Rotations: 7/7
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [_][*][*][_]     R5. Capture 3d.
1  [*][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
                    R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x6 Puzzle 2121                                                  Rotations: 5/5
---------------                                                       Brilliant

6  [_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
5  [X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 4d, mark spot 4a.
3  [_][*][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 6a.
1  [*][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x6 Puzzle 2122                                                  Rotations: 7/7
---------------                                                       Brilliant

6  [_][X][_][*]     R1. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [X][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
1  [*][_][*][*]     R6. Capture 6d, bomb.
                    R7. Capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d

---------------
4x6 Puzzle 2221                                                  Rotations: 5/5
---------------                                                       Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3b.
3  [X][*][X][X]     R4. Capture 2d.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
1  [*][*][*][_]

    a  b  c  d

--------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2222-0010                                             Rotations: 8/8
--------------------                                                  Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, mark spot 1d.
2  [X][X][_][X]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][*][*][*]     R6. Capture 3d.
                    R7. Capture 2c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Capture 3c.

------------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2222-1111-1111-1100                                   Rotations: 3/6
------------------------------                                    True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 5c.
5  [*][*][*][*]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][X]     R3. Bomb, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_]
2  [_][_][_][_]
1  [*][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d

-----------------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2222-1111-1111-1111-1011                             Rotations: 9/10
-----------------------------------                               True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
5  [_][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [*][*][*][*]     R6. Capture 5a.
                    R7. Capture 6a, mark spot 4b.
    a  b  c  d      R8. Wait.
                    R9. Capture 6b.

-----------------------------------
4x6 Puzzle 2222-1111-1111-1111-1111                              Rotations: 5/6
-----------------------------------                               True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3b.
3  [_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2d, bomb.
1  [*][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d


-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-
                               3.3 THIRD STAGE
-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-

   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     3.3.1 THIRD STAGE, WAVE 1 - 5x4 PUZZLES
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00001-02202                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
3  [X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, mark row b.
2  [X][*][*][X][*]     R3. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 2b.
                       R5. Capture 2e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Wait.
                       R7. Bomb.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00001-22012                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e, mark row a.
3  [_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Wait.
2  [*][*][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 2a.
1  [X][X][X][X][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 1e, mark row d.
                       R5. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Bomb, capture 2d.
                       R7. Capture 3d.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00010-10011                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
3  [_][*][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
2  [_][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
1  [X][X][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 3c, mark front of row a.
                       R5. Bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 2a, bomb.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00010-10210                                           Rotations: 5/?
----------------------

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c, mark front of row a.
3  [_][*][_][*][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [_][X][*][_][X]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
1  [X][X][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
                       R5. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00010-12111                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][_][*][_][*]     R1. Capture 2b.
3  [_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d, bomb, mark front of row e.
1  [X][X][X][_][X]     R4. Wait.
                       R5. Capture 2e, re-mark spot 2e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Wait.
                       R7. Capture 4e.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00010-12122                                           Rotations: 5/6
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
3  [X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
2  [_][*][_][*][*]     R3. Capture 2d, mark front of row a.
1  [X][X][X][_][X]     R4. Bomb.
                       R5. Capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00010-22112                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, mark front of row e.
2  [*][*][_][_][*]     R3. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 2e, mark front of row c.
                       R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 2c.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 00011                                                 Rotations: 8/8
----------------                                                      Brilliant

4  [X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
3  [_][_][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 2e, mark front of row a.
2  [_][_][X][X][*]     R3. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a, bomb, mark front of row b.
                       R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 2b, bomb.
                       R7. Capture 1d.
                       R8. Capture 3a.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00012-11010                                          Rotations: 8/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c, mark front of row a.
3  [X][_][*][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_][X]     R3. Bomb, capture 2a, mark front of row b.
1  [X][X][X][_][*]     R4. Wait.
                       R5. Capture 2b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 1e.
                       R7. Capture 1d, mark spot 1e.
                       R8. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 2e is protected.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00012-11011                                           Rotations: 4/5
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, mark front of row a.
3  [*][_][X][*][_]     R2. Bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 3a, then bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00012-12011                                           Rotations: 8/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][*][_][X]     R1. Capture 2b, mark front of row a.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
1  [X][X][X][_][*]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1e, mark front of row b.
                       R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Wait.
                       R7. Capture 3b.
                       R8. Capture 3a.

----------------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00012-12111-10011                                     Rotations: 7/7
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2b, mark front of row a.
3  [_][X][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
1  [X][X][X][_][*]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1e, mark front of row c.
                       R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 2c.
                       R7. Capture 3a.

----------------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00012-12111-11011                                     Rotations: 5/7
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

4  [*][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2c.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, mark front of row b.
2  [_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 2b, mark spot 2c.
                       R5. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3c is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00012-12111-11101                                     Rotations: 5/5
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2b.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3e, mark spot 2d.
1  [X][X][X][_][*]     R4. Wait.
                       R5. Capture 4d.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00012-12121-11100                                     Rotations: 4/5
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

4  [_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb, mark front of row b.
3  [_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2b.
1  [X][X][X][_][*]     R4. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00012-12121-20100                                     Rotations: 7/8
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
3  [*][X][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][*][_]     R3. Mark front of row b.
1  [X][X][X][_][*]     R4. Wait.
                       R5. Bomb, then capture 2b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Mark spot 2b.
                       R7. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 3b is protected.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00012-21111                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2c.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, mark front of row a.
2  [*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 2a, mark spot 2c.
                       R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 4c.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00012-21121                                           Rotations: 5/6
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
3  [_][_][X][X][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, mark front of row a.
2  [*][_][_][*][_]     R3. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 2a.
                       R5. Capture 3e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00012-21211                                           Rotations: 5/5
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2c, mark front of row a.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [*][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
1  [X][X][X][_][*]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1e.
                       R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00012-22111                                           Rotations: 5/?
----------------------

4  [_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2a, mark front of row c.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
2  [*][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
1  [X][X][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1e.
                       R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00020-10112                                           Rotations: 4/4
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, mark front of row a.
3  [_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [_][X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
1  [X][X][X][*][X]     R4. Bomb, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00020-21111                                           Rotations: 4/4
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, mark front of row a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2a.
1  [X][X][X][*][X]     R4. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 00022                                                 Rotations: 6/6
----------------                                                      Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, mark front of row c.
2  [*][*][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][*][*]     R4. Capture 2c.
                       R5. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Bomb.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00100-01120                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [*][*][*][_][*]     R1. Capture 2d.
3  [X][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1c.
2  [X][_][_][*][X]     R3. Capture 2c, mark front of row b.
1  [X][X][_][X][X]     R4. Bomb.
                       R5. Capture 2b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 3b, bomb.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00100-01212                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b, mark front of row e.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [X][_][*][_][*]     R3. Capture 2e.
1  [X][X][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
                       R5. Capture 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Mark spot 2c.
                       R7. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 3c is protected.
----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00100-20112                                           Rotations: 5/?
----------------------

4  [_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a, mark front of row e.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [*][X][_][_][*]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2e.
1  [X][X][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
                       R5. Capture 2c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00100-22200                                           Rotations: 8/5
----------------------                                    Got any better ideas?

4  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
3  [X][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1c.
2  [*][*][*][X][X]     R3. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][X][X]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2c.
                       R5. Capture 3b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 3c, mark front of row a.
                       R7. Bomb.
                       R8. Bomb, then capture 2a.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00110-21102                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
3  [_][_][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d, mark front of row a.
2  [*][_][_][X][*]     R3. Bomb.
1  [X][X][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 2a.
                       R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 2c.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00110-22012                                           Rotations: 5/6
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, mark row e.
2  [*][*][X][_][*]     R3. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][_][X]     R4. Bomb, capture 2e.
                       R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 00111                                                 Rotations: 8/?
----------------

4  [*][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
2  [_][_][X][*][*]     R3. Capture 2d, bomb, mark front of row a.
1  [X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
                       R5. Capture 2a, mark front of row b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Bomb.
                       R7. Capture 2b.
                       R8. Capture 1c.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 00112                                                 Rotations: 4/5
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
3  [_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
2  [*][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [X][X][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 4d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 00120                                                 Rotations: 4/6
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1d.
2  [*][_][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
1  [X][X][_][*][X]     R4. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 2c is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 00121                                                 Rotations: 7/?
----------------

4  [*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
3  [X][X][X][*][X]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, mark front of row b.
2  [_][_][*][_][*]     R3. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 2b, mark spot 2a.
                       R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 4a.
                       R7. Capture 3d.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 00122                                                 Rotations: 4/5
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [*][*][_][_][_]     R3. Mark spot 2c.
1  [X][X][_][*][*]     R4. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3c is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00200-02010                                           Rotations: 8/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][*][*]     R1. Capture 2b, mark front of row d.
3  [X][X][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [X][*][X][_][X]     R3. Capture 2d.
1  [X][X][*][X][X]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1c.
                       R5. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Mark spot 1c.
                       R7. Wait.
                       R8. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 3c is protected.
                       Now quickly squeeze between 2c and 1d while they're
                       rolling to be able to escape without getting squished!
                       (a little oversight on the designer's part, I think).

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00200-12101                                           Rotations: 5/?
----------------------

4  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1c, mark front of row b.
3  [_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 2b, mark front of row e.
1  [X][X][*][X][X]     R4. Bomb.
                       R5. Bomb, capture 2e.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00200-12121                                           Rotations: 4/4
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][*][_]     R3. Bomb.
1  [X][X][*][X][X]     R4. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 00210-11010                                           Rotations: 7/?
----------------------

4  [*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][X][_][X]     R3. Capture 1d, mark spot 1c.
1  [X][X][*][_][X]     R4. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 2c is protected.
                       R5. Bomb, clear mark.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 3a.
                       R7. Capture 4a.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 00211                                               Rotations: 14/15
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

4  [_][*][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 3b.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][X][_][X]     R3. Capture 1e, re-mark spot 1e.
1  [X][X][*][_][_]     R4. Wait.
                       R5. Capture 2e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Bomb, capture 1d.
                       R7. Bomb, capture 2d.
                       R8. Capture 3d.
                       R9. Capture 4d, mark front of row a.
                       R10. Wait.
                       R11. Capture 2a, mark front of row b.
                       R12. Wait.
                       R13. Capture 2b.
                       R14. Capture 3a.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 01000                                                 Rotations: 5/5
----------------                                                      Brilliant

4  [X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c, mark front of row a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
2  [_][_][*][*][*]     R3. Bomb, capture 2a.
1  [X][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 1b.
                       R5. Capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 01012                                                 Rotations: 5/7
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

4  [*][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 4a, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1e.
2  [X][X][X][_][X]     R3. Capture 1b.
1  [X][_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1d.
                       R5. Capture 2d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 01102                                               Rotations: 10/10
----------------                                                      Brilliant

4  [X][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
3  [_][X][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 2b.
1  [X][_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 3a.
                       R5. Capture 1c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 1e, mark row d.
                       R7. Wait.
                       R8. Capture 2d.
                       R9. Capture 2e, mark spot 2d.
                       R10. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3d is protected.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 01111                                                 Rotations: 7/8
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
2  [*][X][*][X][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2c.
1  [X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b.
                       R5. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 1e.
                       R7. Capture 2e.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 01121                                                 Rotations: 4/4
----------------                                                      Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
2  [*][*][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2b.
1  [X][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 3e, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 01201-12101                                           Rotations: 5/5
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
2  [_][*][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 2b.
1  [X][_][*][X][_]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
                       R5. Capture 2e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 01201-12110                                           Rotations: 4/4
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
2  [_][*][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
1  [X][_][*][X][_]     R4. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 01201-20111                                           Rotations: 5/6
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
2  [*][X][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1c.
1  [X][_][*][X][_]     R4. Capture 1b, re-mark spot 1b.
                       R5. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 2b is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 01202                                                 Rotations: 5/6
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a, bomb.
3  [*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
2  [_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1c.
1  [X][_][*][X][*]     R4. Capture 1b.
                       R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 01210-02121                                           Rotations: 4/4
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb, mark front of row e.
3  [X][X][X][X][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [X][*][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2e.
1  [X][_][*][_][X]     R4. Capture 3e, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 01210-02122                                           Rotations: 4/5
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb, mark front of row e.
3  [X][X][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [X][*][_][*][*]     R3. Capture 2e.
1  [X][_][*][_][X]     R4. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 01210-21112                                           Rotations: 5/6
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1c, mark row e.
2  [*][_][_][_][*]     R3. Bomb.
1  [X][_][*][_][X]     R4. Capture 2e.
                       R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 01211                                                 Rotations: 4/6
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

4  [_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
3  [_][_][_][X][*]     R2. Capture 1e.
2  [_][*][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [X][_][*][_][_]     R4. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 01212                                                 Rotations: 4/6
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

4  [X][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [X][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
2  [X][_][_][*][X]     R3. Mark spot 1e.
1  [X][_][*][_][*]     R4. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 2e is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 01220                                                 Rotations: 5/6
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb, mark front of row a.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 2a.
1  [X][_][*][*][X]     R4. Wait.
                       R5. Bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 02010                                                 Rotations: 8/8
----------------                                                      Brilliant

4  [*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
3  [_][_][X][*][*]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1b, mark front of row a.
2  [_][X][_][_][X]     R3. Wait.
1  [X][*][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 2a, mark front of row c.
                       R5. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Bomb, bomb, capture 2c.
                       R7. Capture 1d.
                       R8. Capture 2d.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 02011                                                 Rotations: 5/5
----------------                                                      Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1d.
2  [*][_][*][X][_]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
1  [X][*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2e.
                       R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 02012-00121                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [X][_][*][_][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [X][X][_][*][_]     R3. Wait.
1  [X][*][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1e.
                       R5. Bomb, mark spot 1b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 2b is protected.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 02012-01100                                           Rotations: 6/?
----------------------

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
3  [X][X][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
2  [X][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 1e.
1  [X][*][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1d.
                       R5. Capture 2b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 3c, bomb.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 02012-11101                                           Rotations: 5/4
----------------------                                    Got any better ideas?

4  [_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][*][_][X]     R2. Capture 1d, mark front of row e.
2  [_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Bomb.
1  [X][*][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 2e, bomb.
                       R5. Capture 1e.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 02121                                                 Rotations: 6/7
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1b, mark spot 2d.
2  [X][X][_][_][*]     R3. Wait.
1  [X][*][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 4d, mark spot 2e.
                       R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 4e.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 02220                                                 Rotations: 3/?
----------------

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
1  [X][*][*][*][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 10000-10011                                           Rotations: 3/?
----------------------

4  [_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 3e, bomb 3 times.
3  [_][*][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
1  [_][X][X][X][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 10000-10112                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
3  [*][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2a.
1  [_][X][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 3a, mark front of row c.
                       R5. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Bomb, then capture 2c while running around to 3c.
                       R7. Capture 3c, bomb.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 10000-10222                                           Rotations: 5/5
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a, mark row d.
3  [*][X][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [_][X][*][*][*]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2d.
1  [_][X][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
                       R5. Capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 10000-12112                                           Rotations: 9/?
----------------------

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b, mark front of row e.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2e.
1  [_][X][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
                       R5. Capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 3a, mark front of row c.
                       R7. Wait.
                       R8. Capture 2c.
                       R9. Capture 3c.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 10001-02121                                           Rotations: 7/9</pre><pre id="faqspan-9">----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
3  [_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1e.
2  [X][*][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2e, bomb.
1  [_][X][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 1a, mark row d.
                       R5. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 2d, mark spot 2e.
                       R7. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3e is protected.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 10001-11200                                           Rotations: 3/4
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [*][*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 2c.
3  [*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
2  [_][_][*][X][X]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb 3 times.
1  [_][X][X][X][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 10011                                                 Rotations: 7/7
----------------                                                      Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
3  [_][*][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [*][X][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 2a.
1  [_][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
                       R5. Bomb, then capture 2e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 1d.
                       R7. Bomb.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 10012-00021                                           Rotations: 4/?
----------------------

4  [_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4b, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [X][X][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a, mark spot 2d.
1  [_][X][X][_][*]     R4. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3d is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 10012-11101                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
3  [*][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
2  [_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
1  [_][X][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 2a.
                       R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Bomb, capture 3a, mark spot 1b
                       R7. Wait.
                       R8. Capture 2b, bomb.
                       R9. Capture 2e.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 10012-11111                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
3  [X][*][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2d.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
1  [_][X][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 4d, mark front of row b.
                       R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 2b.
                       R7. Capture 3b.
                       R8. Capture 1a.
                       R9. Capture 2a, bomb.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 10012-11121                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [*][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
3  [_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a, mark front of row b.
1  [_][X][X][_][*]     R4. Wait.
                       R5. Capture 2b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 2a, bomb.
                       R7. Bomb, bomb.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 10100                                                 Rotations: 5/?
----------------

4  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
3  [_][*][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [*][X][X][_][*]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2a.
1  [_][X][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 1c.
                       R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 10101-20202                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
3  [_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
2  [*][X][*][X][*]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][X][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2a.
                       R5. Capture 1e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Bomb, then capture 2e.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 10101-21211                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][_][X][*]     R2. Capture 1c.
2  [*][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
1  [_][X][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
                       R5. Capture 2e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Bomb, then capture 3e.
                       R7. Capture 1a.
                       R8. Bomb, then capture 2a.
                       R9. Capture 3c, bomb.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 10102                                                 Rotations: 8/9
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

4  [_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
3  [_][X][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
1  [_][X][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 2a, bomb, mark spot 2b.
                       R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 4b.
                       R7. Capture 1c, bomb.
                       R8. capture 3a.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 10112-00011                                           Rotations: 5/5
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
3  [*][_][X][*][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1e.
2  [X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1a.
                       R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 10112-00021                                           Rotations: 4/4
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [X][X][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 10112-00211                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][*][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 2c.
2  [X][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
1  [_][X][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1e, then bomb, mark spot 2e.
                       R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 4e.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 10120                                                 Rotations: 7/7
----------------                                                      Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
2  [X][X][_][X][X]     R3. Wait.
1  [_][X][_][*][X]     R4. Bomb, capture 3a.
                       R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 2c.
                       R7. Capture 4a.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 10121-00111                                           Rotations: 3/4
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][*][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 3c.
3  [X][_][*][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1d.
2  [X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 10121-00112                                           Rotations: 6/?
----------------------

4  [_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
3  [_][*][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
2  [X][X][_][_][*]     R3. Bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 3a, bomb.
                       R5. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. capture 4e.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 10121-10112                                           Rotations: 4/5
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [*][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 2a.
2  [_][X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb, mark spot 2c.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb until clear while Forbidden Qube in 3c is
                           protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 10121-10211                                           Rotations: 4/4
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [_][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 3a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5X4 Puzzle 10121-11211-01111                                     Rotations: 4/?
----------------------------

4  [_][*][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1d.
3  [X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5X4 Puzzle 10121-11211-10100                                     Rotations: 6/7
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

4  [_][*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
3  [_][X][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
                       R5. Capture 3a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 3c, bomb.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 10121-12112                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
3  [_][X][X][X][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [_][*][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2a.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
                       R5. Capture 3a, mark spot 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3d is protected.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 10121-12121                                           Rotations: 4/5
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a, mark spot 2d.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3d is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 10121-20222                                           Rotations: 5/?
----------------------

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [*][X][*][*][*]     R3. Capture 2a.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Wait.
                       R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 10122-10111                                           Rotations: 5/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 3b.
3  [_][*][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
2  [_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, bomb, capture 1a.
1  [_][X][_][*][*]     R4. Capture 2a.
                       R5. Capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 10122-11211                                           Rotations: 3/3
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [X][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
1  [_][X][_][*][*]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 10122-20111                                           Rotations: 5/5
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [*][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
1  [_][X][_][*][*]     R4. Capture 3c.
                       R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 10122-21111                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2b.
3  [X][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*][*]     R4. Capture 2a.
                       R5. Capture 4d, mark spot 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Wait.
                       R7. Capture 4c, bomb.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 10201                                                 Rotations: 5/5
----------------                                                      Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [X][*][_][*][X]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
1  [_][X][*][X][_]     R4. Wait.
                       R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 10212                                                 Rotations: 5/6
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
3  [_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1e.
2  [X][*][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [_][X][*][_][*]     R4. Wait.
                       R5. Bomb, then capture 1c.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 11001                                                 Rotations: 5/4
----------------                                          Got any better ideas?

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
3  [_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [*][_][*][_][X]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
1  [_][_][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
                       R5. Capture 4a.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 11002                                                 Rotations: 7/7
----------------                                                      Brilliant

4  [_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
3  [X][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
2  [X][_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 2b, bomb.
1  [_][_][X][X][*]     R4. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
                       R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Wait.
                       R7. Capture 4a, bomb.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 11011                                                 Rotations: 6/6
----------------                                                      Brilliant

4  [X][X][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
2  [*][_][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 2e.
1  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
                       R5. Capture 2a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 1d, bomb.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 11012-10021                                           Rotations: 6/?
----------------------

4  [*][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1b.
2  [_][X][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 2a, bomb.
                       R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Bomb, bomb.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 11012-10121                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [*][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
3  [_][_][X][X][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [_][X][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 2a.
                       R5. Capture 1b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 3e, bomb.
                       R7. Bomb, bomb.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 11012-20101                                          Rotations: 9/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
2  [*][X][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1b.
                       R5. Bomb, then capture 2a, mark front of row c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Wait.
                       R7. Capture 2c, bomb.
                       R8. Capture 1d.
                       R9. Capture 2e.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 11012-20111                                           Rotations: 7/?
----------------------

4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
3  [_][_][_][X][*]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [*][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3e.
1  [_][_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1a.
                       R5. Bomb, then capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 1b.
                       R7. Bomb.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 11021-01100                                           Rotations: 8/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
3  [*][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
2  [X][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
1  [_][_][X][*][_]     R4. Wait.
                       R5. Bomb, then capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 1e.
                       R7. Capture 1b, bomb.
                       R8. Capture 2b.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 11021-10110                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2c.
3  [_][*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
2  [_][X][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
                       R5. Capture 1b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 1e, bomb.
                       R7. Capture 2d, bomb.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 11101                                                 Rotations: 7/7
----------------                                                      Brilliant

4  [_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
3  [*][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 2e.
2  [_][X][X][X][*]     R3. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 2a, bomb, bomb.
                       R5. Capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 1b.
                       R7. Capture 1c, bomb.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 11102                                                 Rotations: 6/7
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
3  [*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1e.
2  [X][X][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb.
                       R5. Capture 1c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Bomb.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 11112-10221                                           Rotations: 9/7
----------------------                                    Got any better ideas?

4  [*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [_][X][*][*][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
1  [_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
                       R5. Capture 1b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 1c.
                       R7. Bomb, then capture 2c.
                       R8. Capture 3e.
                       R9. Capture 3c.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 11112-21021                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
3  [_][_][*][X][X]     R2. Capture 1c.
2  [*][_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1a.
                       R5. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 2a, bomb.

----------------------------
5X4 Puzzle 11121-10212-02010                                     Rotations: 6/7
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
3  [X][*][X][_][X]     R2. Capture 1b.
2  [_][X][*][_][*]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
                       R5. Capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 3d, bomb.

----------------------------
5X4 Puzzle 11121-10212-11100                                     Rotations: 4/4
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

4  [_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1b.
2  [_][X][*][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 2a, bomb, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 11121-21211                                           Rotations: 4/?
----------------------

4  [_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [*][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
1  [_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 11221                                                 Rotations: 6/6
----------------                                                      Brilliant

4  [_][*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][X][X][_][X]     R2. Capture 1b.
2  [_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][*][*][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
                       R5. Capture 3a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 3d, bomb.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 11222-01111                                           Rotations: 5/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [X][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4b, bomb, mark spot 1a.
1  [_][_][*][*][*]     R4. Wait.
                       R5. Capture 3a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 11222-20111                                           Rotations: 5/?
----------------------

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [*][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
1  [_][_][*][*][*]     R4. Capture 1b.
                       R5. Capture 3c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 12011-01120                                           Rotations: 8/8
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
3  [X][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1b.
2  [X][_][_][*][X]     R3. Capture 1d.
1  [_][*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
                       R5. Capture 1e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 1a, bomb.
                       R7. Capture 2b.
                       R8. Capture 3b.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 12011-10200                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
3  [_][_][_][*][X]     R2. Capture 1e.
2  [_][X][*][X][X]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [_][*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
                       R5. Bomb, then capture 1b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Mark spot 1b.
                       R7. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 2b is protected.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 12100-01012                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e, mark row d.
3  [_][_][*][_][X]     R2. Wait.
2  [X][_][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 2d.
1  [_][*][_][X][X]     R4. Bomb, capture 1b.
                       R5. Capture 1a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
                       R7. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 2c is protected.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 12100-11111                                           Rotations: 6/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [X][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][*][X][X]     R2. Capture 1b, mark row 3.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 2e, re-mark spot 2e.
                       R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 4e.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 12101-11222                                           Rotations: 3/4
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1b.
2  [_][_][*][*][*]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 12101-12102                                           Rotations: 5/5
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
3  [X][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 2e.
1  [_][*][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 3b.
                       R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 12101-21102                                           Rotations: 5/5
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
3  [X][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 2e, mark spot 2c.
1  [_][*][_][X][_]     R4. Wait.
                       R5. Bomb, capture 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 12101-21212                                           Rotations: 7/?
----------------------

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [X][X][X][_][X]     R2. Capture 1e.
2  [*][_][*][_][*]     R3. Wait.
1  [_][*][_][X][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2e, mark front of row d.
                       R5. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 2d.
                       R7. Capture 3d, bomb.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 12102-00011                                           Rotations: 4/4
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
2  [X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
1  [_][*][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 12102-12121                                           Rotations: 6/?
----------------------

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, mark front of row d.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
1  [_][*][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 1b.
                       R5. Capture 2e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 3e, bomb, bomb.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 12112-01002                                           Rotations: 7/?
----------------------

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [_][*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
2  [X][_][X][X][*]     R3. Capture 1d.
1  [_][*][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1e.
                       R5. Capture 1a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 2b.
                       R7. Bomb, then capture 2e.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 12112-11111                                           Rotations: 5/5
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
3  [X][*][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3b.
1  [_][*][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 4d.
                       R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 12112-21100                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
3  [_][X][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
2  [*][_][_][X][X]     R3. Wait.
1  [_][*][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb.
                       R5. Mark spot 2b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3b is protected.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 12120-00111                                           Rotations: 4/?
----------------------

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
2  [X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
1  [_][*][_][*][X]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 12120-11100                                           Rotations: 5/6
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [X][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, mark spot 2a.
2  [_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Wait.
1  [_][*][_][*][X]     R4. Capture 4a, mark spot 1d.
                       R5. Bomb, bomb while Forbidden Qube in 2d is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 12121-00111                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][*][X][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
1  [_][*][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
                       R5. Capture 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 4e, bomb.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 12121-11100                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [X][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, mark spot 2a.
2  [_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Wait.
1  [_][*][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 4a.
                       R5. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube at 3b is protected.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 12121-21212                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [X][X][X][_][X]     R2. Wait.
2  [*][_][*][_][*]     R3. Wait.
1  [_][*][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 1d, bomb.
                       R5. Mark spot 2e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3e is protected.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 12210                                                 Rotations: 5/5
----------------                                                      Brilliant

4  [X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, mark front of row e.
3  [_][_][_][*][X]     R2. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, capture 2e.
1  [_][*][*][_][X]     R4. Capture 4b.
                       R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 12211                                                 Rotations: 6/6
----------------                                                      Brilliant

4  [X][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Bomb, capture 1d.
2  [*][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 1e, re-mark spot 1e.
1  [_][*][*][_][_]     R4. Wait.
                       R5. Capture 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Bomb.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 12212                                                 Rotations: 7/7
----------------                                                      Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 2a.
3  [X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 4a.
1  [_][*][*][_][*]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1e.
                       R5. Capture 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Wait.
                       R7. Bomb.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 20011                                                 Rotations: 5/6
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

4  [_][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 4d, bomb.
3  [X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [X][X][X][_][X]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [*][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
                       R5. Capture 1a.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 20012                                                 Rotations: 5/6
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, mark row c.
2  [X][_][*][*][*]     R3. Wait.
1  [*][X][X][_][*]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2c.
                       R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 20100                                                 Rotations: 5/6
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

4  [_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
3  [_][*][X][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1c.
1  [*][X][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 2c, bomb, re-mark spot 2c.
                       R5. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3c is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 20101-01100                                           Rotations: 5/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
3  [_][*][_][X][*]     R2. Capture 1e.
2  [X][_][_][X][X]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a.
1  [*][X][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1c, mark spot 1a.
                       R5. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 2a is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 20101-01110                                           Rotations: 5/6
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
3  [*][*][*][*][*]     R2. Capture 1c.
2  [X][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1e.
1  [*][X][_][X][_]     R4. Bomb, mark spot 1e.
                       R5. Bomb until clear while Forbidden Qube in 2e is
    a  b  c  d  e          protected.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 20102-00111                                           Rotations: 5/6
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][X][*][*]     R2. Capture 1e.
2  [X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
1  [*][X][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 2c, bomb, re-mark spot 2c.
                       R5. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3c is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 20112-01010                                           Rotations: 7/?
----------------------

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, mark front of row b.
3  [*][*][*][*][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [X][_][X][_][X]     R3. Capture 2b.
1  [*][X][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
                       R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 2d, bomb.
                       R7. Bomb, then capture 1e.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 20112-12011                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
2  [_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [*][X][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 4d.
                       R5. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Bomb.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 20121                                                 Rotations: 4/4
----------------                                                      Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Wait.
1  [*][X][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e
 ----------------
5X4 Puzzle 20122                                                 Rotations: 4/5
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

4  [_][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
2  [X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Mark spot 1a.
1  [*][X][_][*][*]     R4. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 2a is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 20202                                                 Rotations: 6/7
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
2  [X][*][_][_][X]     R3. Wait.
1  [*][X][*][X][*]     R4. Bomb.
                       R5. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Bomb, then capture 1a.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 20212                                                 Rotations: 6/7
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
2  [_][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
1  [*][X][*][_][*]     R4. Capture 1d.
                       R5. Capture 2a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 3a.

----------------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21000-11011-12111                                     Rotations: 6/7
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

4  [_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
3  [_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark front of row d.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
1  [*][_][X][X][X]     R4. Bomb, bomb, capture 2d.
                       R5. Capture 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 4e.

----------------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21000-11011-12211                                     Rotations: 7/?
----------------------------

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
3  [_][*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark front of row d.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
1  [*][_][X][X][X]     R4. Bomb, capture 2d.
                       R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 3e.
                       R7. Capture 4e.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21000-11012                                           Rotations: 4/4
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
3  [*][_][X][_][_]     R2. Bomb, capture 1a.
2  [_][_][X][_][*]     R3. Bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][X][X]     R4. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21000-11022                                           Rotations: 4/?
----------------------

4  [X][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
2  [_][_][X][*][*]     R3. Capture 1a.
1  [*][_][X][X][X]     R4. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21000-21011                                           Rotations: 6/?
----------------------

4  [_][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
3  [*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb 5 times, mark front of row d.
2  [*][_][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 2d.
                       R5. Capture 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 4e.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21000-21211                                           Rotations: 7/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][*][*]     R1. Capture 2c, mark row e.
3  [_][X][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [*][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e, mark row d.
1  [*][_][X][X][X]     R4. Bomb.
                       R5. Bomb twice, capture 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2b.
                       R7. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3b is protected.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 21001                                                 Rotations: 7/9
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

4  [X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
3  [_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][X][_][X]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb, re-mark spot 1e.
1  [*][_][X][X][_]     R4. Wait.
                       R5. Capture 3e, mark front of row d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Bomb.
                       R7. Capture 2d.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21002-11021                                           Rotations: 5/5
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
3  [X][X][*][_][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2b.
1  [*][_][X][X][*]     R4. Wait.
                       R5. Capture 4b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21002-12111                                           Rotations: 4/5
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
2  [_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3a, mark spot 2b.
1  [*][_][X][X][*]     R4. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 3b is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21002-21111                                           Rotations: 5/6
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
3  [_][X][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
1  [*][_][X][X][*]     R4. Capture 3a, mark spot 2c.
                       R5. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 4c is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21012-10111                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [*][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 1a, mark front of row c.
3  [_][_][X][X][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
                       R5. Capture 3e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 1b, bomb.
                       R7. Capture 2a, bomb.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21012-12011                                           Rotations: 4/4
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
2  [_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 3a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21012-12211                                           Rotations: 8/8
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
3  [_][X][_][X][X]     R2. Wait.
2  [_][*][*][_][_]     R3. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
                       R5. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Wait.
                       R7. Capture 4e.
                       R8. Capture 3a, bomb.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21012-21011                                           Rotations: 5/6
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][X][_][*]     R1. Capture 4e.
3  [_][X][X][_][X]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [*][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 3d, mark spot 2b.
                       R5. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3b is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21020-11100                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, mark front of row c.
3  [X][X][*][_][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 2c.
1  [*][_][X][*][X]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2a.
                       R5. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 4a, bomb.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21020-11111                                           Rotations: 4/6
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
3  [_][X][*][_][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2b.
1  [*][_][X][*][X]     R4. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 3b is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21020-12100                                           Rotations: 5/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, mark row c.
3  [X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 2c.
1  [*][_][X][*][X]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2a.
                       R5. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3a is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 21021                                                 Rotations: 6/7
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
3  [X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, mark front of row c.
2  [_][_][*][_][X]     R3. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 2c.
                       R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 1e.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21022-11121                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, mark row c.
3  [_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
1  [*][_][X][*][*]     R4. Capture 1a.
                       R5. Capture 1e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 4a.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21022-12122                                           Rotations: 8/?
----------------------

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb, mark front of row c.
3  [_][X][X][X][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][*][*]     R3. Capture 2c.
1  [*][_][X][*][*]     R4. Capture 3e.
                       R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 3a.
                       R7. Wait.
                       R8. Bomb.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 21100                                                 Rotations: 6/7
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
3  [_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
2  [X][X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1b.
1  [*][_][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 1c.
                       R5. Capture 2c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 3c.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21101-11002                                           Rotations: 6/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
3  [*][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 2e.
2  [_][_][X][X][*]     R3. Capture 1c.
1  [*][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
                       R5. Bomb, then capture 3a, mark spot 2b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3b is protected.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21101-12002                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
3  [_][X][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][*][X][X][*]     R3. Capture 2e.
1  [*][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
                       R5. Capture 3a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Bomb.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21101-12011                                           Rotations: 7/6
----------------------                                    Got any better ideas?

4  [_][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][_][X][*]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
1  [*][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 2e, bomb.
                       R5. Capture 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 1c.
                       R7. Bomb.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21101-21002                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
2  [*][_][X][X][*]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 2e.
                       R5. Capture 1c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 3a, bomb.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 21102                                                 Rotations: 4/4
----------------                                                      Brilliant

4  [X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
3  [_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][_][X]     R3. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb 3 times.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 21111                                                 Rotations: 7/7
----------------                                                      Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [X][_][*][X][X]     R3. Capture 2c.
1  [*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b.
                       R5. Capture 2b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 1d, bomb.
                       R7. Capture 1e, bomb.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21112-11010                                           Rotations: 5/?
----------------------

4  [X][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
3  [_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][X][_][X]     R3. Capture 1a.
1  [*][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
                       R5. Capture 2d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21112-12010                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [X][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
2  [_][*][X][_][X]     R3. Capture 1d, mark spot 1e.
1  [*][_][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 2e is protected.
                       R5. Clear mark, mark front of row c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 1c.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21120-01201                                           Rotations: 8/8
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, mark front of row e.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [X][_][*][X][_]     R3. Capture 2e.
1  [*][_][_][*][X]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1a.
                       R5. Capture 1b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 2b.
                       R7. Capture 1c, bomb.
                       R8. Capture 2c.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21120-11012                                           Rotations: 5/6
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 1d.
1  [*][_][_][*][X]     R4. Capture 4a, mark spot 1c.
                       R5. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 1d is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21121-00112-11011                                     Rotations: 5/6
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

4  [_][*][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [X][X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1b.
1  [*][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 4d, mark spot 2c.
                       R5. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 3c is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21121-00112-11111                                     Rotations: 5/5
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
2  [X][X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1d.
1  [*][_][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb.
                       R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21121-00212                                           Rotations: 6/?
----------------------
</pre><pre id="faqspan-10">4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
2  [X][X][*][_][*]     R3. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
                       R5. Mark spot 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3c is protected.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21121-10111                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][*][X][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
2  [_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
1  [*][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
                       R5. Capture 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 4e, bomb.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21121-11200                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][*][X][X]     R3. Capture 2c.
1  [*][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
                       R5. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Wait.
                       R7. Capture 4a.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 21122                                                 Rotations: 6/7
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

4  [_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [X][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1c.
2  [_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][*][*]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1e, bomb again, mark spot 2e.
                       R5. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 4e.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 21200                                                 Rotations: 5/5
----------------                                                      Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark row e.
2  [_][_][X][_][*]     R3. Wait.
1  [*][_][*][X][X]     R4. Bomb, capture 2e.
                       R5. Capture 1b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21202-00121                                           Rotations: 5/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
2  [X][X][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
1  [*][_][*][X][*]     R4. Bomb.
                       R5. Bomb, then capture 1c.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21202-11101                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
3  [X][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 2e.
1  [*][_][*][X][*]     R4. Capture 2c.
                       R5. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Bomb.
                       R7. Capture 4a.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 21210                                                 Rotations: 6/9
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [X][_][_][*][X]     R3. Wait.
1  [*][_][*][_][X]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
                       R5. Mark spot 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3c is protected.

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21212-11011                                           Rotations: 4/4
----------------------                                                Brilliant

4  [X][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
1  [*][_][*][_][*]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 21212-11110                                           Rotations: 6/?
----------------------

4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1e.
1  [*][_][*][_][*]     R4. Capture 4a.
                       R5. Capture 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Bomb.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 22022                                                 Rotations: 8/8
----------------                                                      Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
2  [X][X][X][_][X]     R3. Wait.
1  [*][*][_][*][*]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1d.
                       R5. Capture 1e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 2d.
                       R7. Capture 1c.
                       R8. Bomb, then capture 1b.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 22101                                                 Rotations: 5/5
----------------                                                      Brilliant

4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
2  [_][_][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 2e.
1  [*][*][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 3c.
                       R5. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 22110                                                 Rotations: 6/6
----------------                                                      Brilliant

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
3  [X][X][*][X][X]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
1  [*][*][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 3c, mark front of row e.
                       R5. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Capture 2e, bomb.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 22112                                                 Rotations: 6/7
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 2a.
2  [_][_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
1  [*][*][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1e.
                       R5. Bomb, mark spot 1c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 2c is protected.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 22121                                                Rotations: 5/5
----------------                                                      Brilliant

4  [_][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [_][X][_][_][*]     R3. Wait.
1  [*][*][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
                       R5. Bomb, then capture 1b.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 22122                                                 Rotations: 8/9
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
2  [X][X][X][_][X]     R3. Capture 2d.
1  [*][*][_][*][*]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1a.
                       R5. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R6. Wait.
                       R7. Bomb, then capture 1b.
                       R8. Capture 1e.

----------------
5X4 Puzzle 22221                                                 Rotations: 4/?
----------------

4  [X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 4b, mark spot 1e.
1  [*][*][*][*][_]     R4. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 2e is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------------
5X4 Puzzle 22222-11111-11111-10111                               Rotations: 4/6
----------------------------------                                True Genius!!

4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4c, mark spot 3b.
1  [*][*][*][*][*]     R4. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4b is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------------
5X4 Puzzle 22222-11111-11111-11111                               Rotations: 3/5
----------------------------------                                True Genius!!

4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
1  [*][*][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5X4 Puzzle 22222-11122                                           Rotations: 3/4
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

4  [*][*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb 3 times.
3  [_][X][_][*][*]     R2. Capture 3a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][*][*]     R3. Bomb.
1  [*][*][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d  e


   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     3.3.2 THIRD STAGE, WAVE 2 - 5x5 PUZZLES
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 00001                                                 Rotations: 7/7
----------------                                                      Brilliant

5  [X][X][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2d, mark row a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][X][X]    R3. Capture 2a.
2  [*][_][_][*][_]    R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
1  [X][X][X][X][_]    R5. Capture 2e, mark row c.
                      R6. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 2c.

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 00002                                                Rotations: 9/10
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3a.
4  [X][X][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1e, mark front of row b.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]    R3. Wait.
2  [X][X][*][*][_]    R4. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][X][*]    R5. Capture 3b, bomb, mark spot 3a.
                      R6. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 5a.
                      R8. Capture 5e.
                      R9. Bomb.

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 00011                                                Rotations: 7/11
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

5  [_][_][*][_][_]    R1. Capture 2e.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]    R2. Capture 1e, bomb, mark front of row a.
3  [_][_][X][*][_]    R3. Wait.
2  [*][_][X][_][*]    R4. Capture 2a.
1  [X][X][X][_][_]    R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
                      R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 5a.

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 00012                                                 Rotations: 8/9
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2b, mark front of row a.
4  [*][_][_][*][_]    R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][X][X]    R3. Capture 2a.
2  [_][*][_][_][_]    R4. Capture 1e, bomb, bomb, mark spot 2d.
1  [X][X][X][_][*]    R5. Wait.
                      R6. Capture 4d, mark front of row c.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Bomb.
                      R8. Capture 2c.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 00020-12110                                           Rotations: 5/5
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [X][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1d, mark front of row b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][*][_][_]    R3. Capture 2b.
2  [_][*][_][_][X]    R4. Capture 2d, bomb.
1  [X][X][X][*][X]    R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 00020-21111                                           Rotations: 5/5
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][X][_][X][X]    R1. Capture 1d, mark front of row a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]    R3. Bomb, then capture 2a.
2  [*][_][_][_][_]    R4. Capture 5c, bomb.
1  [X][X][X][*][X]    R5. Capture 5a.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 00021-12112                                           Rotations: 8/?
----------------------

5  [_][_][_][_][X]    R1. Capture 2b.
4  [X][_][_][_][_]    R2. Wait.
3  [X][X][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 1d, mark front of row a.
2  [_][*][_][_][*]    R4. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][*][_]    R5. Capture 2a, bomb, bomb, mark spot 2b.
                      R6. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 4b.
                      R8. Capture 5d.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 00021-21101                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [X][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]    R3. Capture 1e, mark row a.
2  [*][_][_][X][_]    R4. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][*][_]    R5. Capture 2a.
                      R6. Bomb, capture 2e.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 3e.
                      R8. Capture 5b.
                      R9. Capture 3c.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 00100-02220                                           Rotations: 5/6
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][*][_][_]    R1. Capture 3c, bomb.
4  [X][*][*][*][X]    R2. Capture 1c.
3  [X][*][*][*][X]    R3. Wait.
2  [X][*][*][*][X]    R4. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][X][X]    R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 00100-12221                                           Rotations: 3/3
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [X][_][_][_][X]    R1. Capture 2c.
4  [_][_][*][_][_]    R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]    R3. Bomb.
2  [_][*][*][*][_]
1  [X][X][_][X][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 00101                                               Rotations: 10/10
----------------                                                      Brilliant

5  [_][_][X][_][_]    R1. Capture 2a.
4  [X][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1e, mark front of row d.
3  [_][X][_][_][*]    R3. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][*][_]    R4. Capture 2d.
1  [X][X][_][X][_]    R5. Capture 1c, bomb, mark front of row b.
                      R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 2b, re-mark spot 2b.
                      R8. Wait.
                      R9. Capture 4b.
                      R10. Capture 3a.

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 00102                                                 Rotations: 5/5
----------------                                                      Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][*][_][_]    R2. Capture 1c.
3  [_][*][*][_][_]    R3. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][*][_]    R4. Capture 5e, bomb 3 times.
1  [X][X][_][X][*]    R5. Capture 5a.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 00110-11012                                         Rotations: 10/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3b, mark row e.
4  [_][*][*][*][_]    R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]    R3. Capture 2e.
2  [_][_][X][_][*]    R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [X][X][_][_][X]    R5. Capture 1c, bomb, mark row b.
                      R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 2b, mark row a.
                      R8. Wait while running around puzzle.
                      R9. Capture 2a.
                      R10. Capture 3a.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 00110-11100                                         Rotations: 10/10
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [X][X][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3b, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]    R2. Capture 1c.
3  [_][*][_][_][*]    R3. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
2  [_][_][_][X][X]    R4. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][_][X]    R5. Capture 3d, mark front of row e.
                      R6. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Wait.
                      R8. Capture 3e.
                      R9. Capture 5c, mark spot 3d.
                      R10. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4d is protected.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 00111-20012                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3a.
4  [_][*][X][X][_]    R2. Capture 1e.
3  [_][X][_][*][_]    R3. Capture 2e, bomb.
2  [*][X][X][_][*]    R4. Capture 1c, mark front of row a.
1  [X][X][_][_][_]    R5. Wait.
                      R6. Bomb, then capture 2a, mark spot 1c.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Wait.
                      R8. Capture 3c.
                      R9. Capture 4e, bomb.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 00111-21001                                         Rotations: 10/10
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3d, mark front of row a.
4  [_][*][X][X][X]    R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][*][_]    R3. Capture 2a.
2  [*][_][X][X][_]    R4. Capture 1c, bomb, re-mark spot 1c.
1  [X][X][_][_][_]    R5. Wait.
                      R6. Capture 3c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 1d.
                      R8. Capture 1e.
                      R9. Capture 2e.
                      R10. Capture 3e.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 00112-02112                                           Rotations: 6/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1c, mark front of row b.
3  [_][_][X][X][X]    R3. Wait.
2  [X][*][_][_][*]    R4. Bomb, then capture 2b.
1  [X][X][_][_][*]    R5. Capture 2c, re-mark spot 2c.
                      R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3c is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 00112-21021                                           Rotations: 6/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2a, mark front of row b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][*][X][_]    R3. Capture 2b, bomb.
2  [*][_][X][*][_]    R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
1  [X][X][_][_][*]    R5. Capture 1c, mark spot 2d.
                      R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3d is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 00120                                               Rotations: 11/14
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

5  [_][_][*][_][_]    R1. Capture 3b.
4  [*][X][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1d, mark front of row a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]    R3. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][_][X]    R4. Capture 2a.
1  [X][X][_][*][X]    R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
                      R6. Capture 2d, bomb, mark front of row b.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Wait.
                      R8. Capture 2b.
                      R9. Capture 3a.
                      R10. Capture 4a, mark spot 3b.
                      R11. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4b is protected.

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 00121                                               Rotations: 10/11
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1d.
3  [X][_][*][_][_]    R3. Capture 1e.
2  [_][_][X][X][_]    R4. Capture 2e.
1  [X][X][_][*][_]    R5. Capture 1c, bomb, mark front of row b.
                      R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 2b, mark spot 2a.
                      R8. Wait.
                      R9. Capture 5a.
                      R10. Capture 6a.

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 00122                                                 Rotations: 7/8
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

5  [_][_][X][_][_]    R1. Capture 2a, mark front of row b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Wait.
3  [_][X][X][_][_]    R3. Capture 2b.
2  [*][_][_][_][_]    R4. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 2c.
1  [X][X][_][*][*]    R5. Wait.
                      R6. Capture 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 3a, bomb.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 00200-00100                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1c.
4  [X][_][_][_][X]    R2. Wait.
3  [X][*][_][*][X]    R3. Capture 2c.
2  [X][X][_][X][X]    R4. Bomb.
1  [X][X][*][X][X]    R5. Wait.
                      R6. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Bomb.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 00200-01121                                           Rotations: 8/?
----------------------

5  [_][X][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1c, mark front of row e.
4  [X][_][_][_][X]    R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][X]    R3. Capture 2e, bomb, mark front of row a.
2  [X][_][_][*][_]    R4. Wait.
1  [X][X][*][X][X]    R5. Wait.
                      R6. Capture 3a, re-mark spot 3a.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Bomb.
                      R8. Capture 5a.

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 00212                                                 Rotations: 8/8
----------------                                                      Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][_][X]    R2. Bomb, then capture 1c.
3  [_][*][X][_][_]    R3. Mark front of row a.
2  [*][_][X][_][_]    R4. Wait.
1  [X][X][*][_][*]    R5. Capture 2a, mark spot 3e.
                      R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 5e.
                      R8. Bomb.

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 01000                                                 Rotations: 6/7
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

5  [_][_][X][_][_]    R1. Capture 2e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_][X]    R3. Capture 2b, mark row d.
2  [*][*][_][_][*]    R4. Bomb.
1  [X][_][X][X][X]    R5. Capture 2d.
                      R6. Capture 3d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 01001                                                Rotations: 9/10
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1e.
3  [_][X][X][_][_]    R3. Capture 2e.
2  [*][_][*][_][*]    R4. Capture 1b, bomb, mark front of row a.
1  [X][_][X][X][_]    R5. Wait.
                      R6. Capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 2b.
                      R8. Capture 3a.
                      R9. Capture 5e, bomb.

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 01002                                                 Rotations: 7/9
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][X][_]    R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1e.
3  [X][*][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][*][_]    R4. Capture 2b, bomb.
1  [X][_][X][X][*]    R5. Bomb, then capture 3b.
                      R6. Capture 5e, mark spot 3b.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4b is protected.

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 01020                                                 Rotations: 6/7
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3a.
4  [_][*][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][X][*][_][_]    R3. Capture 1b.
2  [X][_][_][_][_]    R4. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [X][_][X][*][X]    R5. Capture 5e, mark spot 3b.
                      R6. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 3b is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 01100                                                 Rotations: 8/?
----------------

5  [_][*][_][X][X]    R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]    R2. Capture 1b, mark front of row e.
3  [_][X][X][_][*]    R3. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_][*]    R4. Bomb, then capture 2e.
1  [X][_][_][X][X]    R5. Capture 2b, bomb.
                      R6. Capture 1c.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 2c.
                      R8. Capture 3a.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 01102-00201                                         Rotations: 10/12
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1e.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]    R3. Capture 1b.
2  [X][X][*][X][_]    R4. Capture 1c.
1  [X][_][_][X][*]    R5. Bomb, then capture 2c.
                      R6. Capture 2e.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Wait.
                      R8. Bomb.
                      R9. Capture 4a.
                      R10. Capture 5a.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 01102-11021                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1e, mark front of row a.
4  [_][*][_][_][_]    R2. Wait.
3  [_][X][*][_][_]    R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][*][_]    R4. Capture 1c.
1  [X][_][_][X][*]    R5. Capture 1b, bomb.
                      R6. Capture 2b, re-mark spot 2b.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 3b is protected.

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 01111                                                 Rotations: 7/7
----------------                                                      Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2a.
4  [*][_][X][_][X]    R2. Capture 1b.
3  [X][_][_][*][_]    R3. Capture 1d.
2  [*][X][_][*][_]    R4. Capture 2d, bomb, mark spot 1b.
1  [X][_][_][_][_]    R5. Wait.
                      R6. Capture 3b.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 4d, bomb.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 01210-01110                                           Rotations: 5/5
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1c.
4  [X][X][X][_][X]    R2. Bomb.
3  [X][*][_][*][X]    R3. Wait.
2  [X][_][_][_][X]    R4. Capture 4d.
1  [X][_][*][_][X]    R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 01210-11112                                           Rotations: 4/?
----------------------

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2e.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]    R2. Capture 1c.
3  [*][*][_][_][_]    R3. Bomb, mark spot 3c.
2  [_][_][_][_][*]    R4. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 3b is protected.
1  [X][_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 01211-01120                                           Rotations: 7/?
----------------------

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [X][*][*][_][_]    R2. Capture 1e.
3  [X][X][X][_][X]    R3. Capture 3d.
2  [X][_][_][*][X]    R4. Bomb.
1  [X][_][*][_][_]    R5. Bomb.
                      R6. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Bomb.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 01211-11210                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2a.
4  [*][_][_][*][X]    R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [_][X][X][_][X]    R3. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][*][_][X]    R4. Capture 4a.
1  [X][_][*][_][_]    R5. Bomb, capture 1e.
                      R6. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Bomb.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 01211-12110                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [X][X][_][*][_]    R1. Capture 4e.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]    R2. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_][X]    R3. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 3d.
2  [_][*][_][_][X]    R4. Bomb.
1  [X][_][*][_][_]    R5. Capture 5d.
                      R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 01222                                                 Rotations: 7/7
----------------                                                      Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1d, bomb, mark row a.
4  [X][*][_][_][_]    R2. Wait.
3  [X][X][X][_][_]    R3. Capture 2a.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]    R4. Capture 1b.
1  [X][_][*][*][*]    R5. Capture 2b, bomb.
                      R6. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 3e, bomb.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 02010-10122                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][*][_][_]    R1. Capture 1b, mark front of row e.
4  [X][_][_][_][_]    R2. Wait.
3  [X][X][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 2e.
2  [_][X][_][*][*]    R4. Capture 1d.
1  [X][*][X][_][X]    R5. Capture 2d, mark front of row a.
                      R6. Bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 2a.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 02010-11100                                         Rotations: 10/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3e.
4  [*][_][_][X][_]    R2. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
2  [_][_][_][X][X]    R4. Bomb, bomb.
1  [X][*][X][_][X]    R5. Capture 3d.
                      R6. Capture 5c, mark spot 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Wait.
                      R8. Capture 5d.
                      R9. Capture 4e.
                      R10. Capture 5e.

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 02012                                                 Rotations: 6/6
----------------                                                      Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][*][_]    R1. Capture 1b, mark front of row a.
4  [_][_][*][_][_]    R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][X]    R3. Capture 2a.
2  [_][X][_][_][_]    R4. Capture 1e, bomb, mark front of row c.
1  [X][*][X][_][*]    R5. Bomb, bomb.
                      R6. Capture 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 02020                                                 Rotations: 4/4
----------------                                                      Brilliant

5  [X][X][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 2d.
2  [*][_][_][_][X]    R4. Bomb.
1  [X][*][X][*][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 02111                                                 Rotations: 5/6
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

5  [_][_][X][_][_]    R1. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][X][*]    R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 2d, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][*][_]    R4. Capture 4e, mark spot 3d.
1  [X][*][_][_][_]    R5. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4d is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 02122                                                 Rotations: 9/?
----------------

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][X][X]    R3. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]    R4. Wait.
1  [X][*][_][*][*]    R5. Capture 3c.
                      R6. Bomb, then capture 1b.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Wait.
                      R8. Capture 2b, re-mark spot 2b.
                      R9. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3b is protected.

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 02210                                                 Rotations: 6/6
----------------                                                      Brilliant

5  [X][X][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1c, mark front of row e.
4  [_][_][_][*][X]    R2. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 2e.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]    R4. Bomb, then capture 4d.
1  [X][*][*][_][X]    R5. Capture 3e.
                      R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 10002-10221                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [X][_][_][_][X]    R1. Capture 2c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1e.
3  [X][X][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 1a.
2  [_][X][*][*][_]    R4. Capture 2a, bomb, re-mark spot 2a.
1  [_][X][X][X][*]    R5. Bomb.
                      R6. Capture 4a.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 10002-11111                                           Rotations: 6/?
----------------------

5  [X][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3a, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][*][_]    R2. Capture 1e, mark front of row c.
3  [*][_][X][_][_]    R3. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]    R4. Capture 2c, bomb.
1  [_][X][X][X][*]    R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
                      R6. Capture 5b.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 10010                                                 Rotations: 5/5
----------------                                                      Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2d, mark front of row b.
4  [_][_][*][_][_]    R2. Wait.
3  [_][*][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 2b, bomb, bomb.
2  [X][_][X][*][X]    R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [_][X][X][_][X]    R5. Capture 1d.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 10011-11002                                          Rotations: 8/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2b.
4  [X][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1e.
3  [*][X][*][*][_]    R3. Capture 2e.
2  [_][_][X][X][*]    R4. Capture 1a.
1  [_][X][X][_][_]    R5. Capture 2a, bomb.
                      R6. Bomb, then capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 1d, mark spot 3a.
                      R8. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4a is protected.

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 10012                                                 Rotations: 7/7
----------------                                                      Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2b.
4  [X][_][_][_][_]    R2. capture 1a.
3  [X][X][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 2a.
2  [_][*][X][*][_]    R4. Capture 1e, mark spot 2b.
1  [_][X][X][_][*]    R5. Bomb.
                      R6. Capture 4b.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Bomb.

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 10021                                                Rotations: 9/11
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1d, mark front of row c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Wait.
3  [X][_][_][_][X]    R3. Capture 2c.
2  [*][_][*][X][_]    R4. Capture 1a.
1  [_][X][X][*][_]    R5. Bomb, then capture 2a.
                      R6. Capture 1e.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 2e, mark front of row b.
                      R8. Bomb.
                      R9. Capture 2b.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 10100-02121                                           Rotations: 6/?
----------------------

5  [_][_][_][_][X]    R1. Capture 2d.
4  [_][_][*][_][_]    R2. Capture 1c, bomb, mark front of row b.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]    R3. Bomb.
2  [X][*][_][*][_]    R4. Capture 2b.
1  [_][X][_][X][X]    R5. Capture 1a, mark spot 2b.
                      R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3b is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 10100-10222                                           Rotations: 5/5
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 1a.
2  [_][X][*][*][*]    R4. Capture 2a, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][X][X]    R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 10100-21121                                           Rotations: 8/?
----------------------

5  [_][*][*][_][*]    R1. Capture 2d.
4  [X][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 2a, mark front of row b.
2  [*][_][_][*][_]    R4. Wait.
1  [_][X][_][X][X]    R5. Capture 2b.
                      R6. Capture 1c.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 3a, bomb.
                      R8. Capture 5e, bomb, bomb.

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 10101                                                Rotations: 9/10
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3a, mark front of row d.
4  [_][*][*][_][_]    R2. Wait.
3  [*][X][_][_][_]    R3. Bomb, then capture 2d.
2  [X][_][_][*][X]    R4. Capture 1a.
1  [_][X][_][X][_]    R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
                      R6. Capture 1e.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 2c, mark front of row b.
                      R8. Wait.
                      R9. Capture 2b.

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 10111                                                Rotations: 9/11
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3b.
4  [_][_][*][_][_]    R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][*][X][_][X]    R3. Bomb, then capture 2d.
2  [X][X][X][*][X]    R4. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
1  [_][X][_][_][_]    R5. Wait.
                      R6. Capture 3a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 1c.
                      R8. Capture 1e.
                      R9. Capture 3d.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 10112-00012                                          Rotations: 8/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][X]    R1. Capture 4a.
4  [*][_][X][_][_]    R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
3  [_][X][*][_][_]    R3. Capture 1c, bomb, re-mark spot 1c.
2  [X][X][X][_][*]    R4. Wait.
1  [_][X][_][_][*]    R5. Capture 3c.
                      R6. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Wait.
                      R8. Capture 3a, bomb.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 10112-12111                                           Rotations: 4/4
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [X][_][_][*][_]    R1. Capture 2b.
4  [_][_][*][_][X]    R2. Capture 1e, bomb, bomb
3  [_][_][_][_][X]    R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_][_]    R4. Capture 1a.
1  [_][X][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 10112-20011                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1e.
4  [_][*][_][X][_]    R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][*][_]    R3. Capture 2a.
2  [*][X][X][_][_]    R4. Capture 1c.
1  [_][X][_][_][*]    R5. Capture 4e, bomb.
                      R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 10121-01111                                           Rotations: 8/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3a.
4  [X][*][_][X][X]    R2. Capture 1a.
3  [*][X][_][*][_]    R3. Capture 1d, mark front of row b.
2  [X][_][_][_][_]    R4. Bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]    R5. Capture 2b, re-mark spot 2b.
                      R6. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Bomb, then capture 4b.
                      R8. Capture 4c.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 10121-02111                                           Rotations: 4/4
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][*][_][_]    R1. Capture 2b.
4  [_][_][_][*][_]    R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][X][X]    R3. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
2  [X][*][_][_][_]    R4. Bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 10121-10111                                           Rotations: 5/?
----------------------

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3b.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]    R2. Bomb, then capture 1d.
3  [_][*][_][_][*]    R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][X][_][_][_]    R4. Capture 2a, mark spot 3d.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]    R5. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4d is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 10121-10122                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1a.
3  [X][*][_][X][X]    R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [_][X][_][*][*]    R4. Capture 2a.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]    R5. Capture 3c.
                      R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 10121-12211                                           Rotations: 4/4
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][X][_][*][_]    R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][X]    R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][X]    R3. Bomb, then capture 5d.
2  [_][*][*][_][_]    R4. Capture 5a, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 10121-20111                                           Rotations: 9/9
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][*][X][X][X]    R3. Capture 1d, then bomb, mark spot 2e.
2  [*][X][_][_][_]    R4. Wait.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]    R5. Capture 4e, bomb, mark spot 2d.
                      R6. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 4d.
                      R8. Capture 5d.
                      R9. Capture 5e.

----------------------------
5x5 Puzzle 10121-20112-11011                                     Rotations: 6/6
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
4  [_][*][_][X][*]    R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]    R3. Capture 2a.
2  [*][X][_][_][*]    R4. Capture 4e, mark spot 3d.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]    R5. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4d is protected.
                      R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x5 Puzzle 10121-20112-12011                                     Rotations: 7/7
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
4  [_][_][*][X][X]    R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][*][X][_][_]    R3. Capture 2a, mark spot 3e.
2  [*][X][_][_][*]    R4. Wait.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]    R5. Capture 5e, bomb, mark spot 3d.
                      R6. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 5d, bomb.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 10121-21111                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][X][_][_]    R1. Capture 2b.
4  [_][_][_][_][X]    R2. Capture 1a.
3  [X][X][_][_][*]    R3. Capture 1d.
2  [*][_][_][_][_]    R4. Bomb, then capture 2a.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]    R5. Capture 4c.
                      R6. Capture 4d.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Bomb.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 10121-21211                                           Rotations: 9/9
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 5e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1d, bomb, mark front of row b.
3  [_][X][X][X][X]    R3. Wait.
2  [*][_][*][_][_]    R4. Capture 2b.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]    R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
                      R6. Capture 2a, mark spot 2e.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Wait.
                      R8. Capture 4e.
                      R9. Capture 3a, bomb.

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 10122                                                 Rotations: 8/9
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

5  [_][_][X][X][X]    R1. Capture 2b.
4  [X][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [X][X][X][_][_]    R3. Capture 1a.
2  [*][_][_][_][_]    R4. Bomb, then capture 2a, mark spot 2b.
1  [_][X][_][*][*]    R5. Wait.
                      R6. Capture 4b, mark spot 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Wait.
                      R8. Capture 4c, bomb.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 10201-02120                                           Rotations: 5/5
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [X][*][_][*][X]    R4. Wait.
1  [_][X][*][X][_]    R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 10201-12121                                           Rotations: 4/4
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [X][_][_][_][X]    R1. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][*][_][_]    R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][*][_]    R4. Bomb.
1  [_][X][*][X][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 10211-10012                                           Rotations: 9/?
----------------------

5  [_][*][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3b.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]    R2. Capture 1c.
3  [X][_][X][_][_]    R3. Capture 1a.
2  [_][X][X][_][*]    R4. Capture 2a.
1  [_][X][*][_][_]    R5. Wait.
                      R6. Capture 1e.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 2e, bomb, bomb.
                      R8. Capture 4e.
                      R9. Capture 5e.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 10211-11000                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 5e.
4  [_][_][_][_][X]    R2. Capture 1c.
3  [*][*][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 1e, re-mark spot 1e.
2  [_][_][X][X][X]    R4. Wait.
1  [_][X][*][_][_]    R5. Capture 3e, bomb.
                      R6. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 1a.

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 11000                                                 Rotations: 4/6
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [*][*][*][*][*]    R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][X][X][X][X]    R4. Capture 2a.
1  [_][_][X][X][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 11001-01202                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][*][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2c.
4  [*][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]    R3. Capture 1e.
2  [X][_][*][X][*]    R4. Bomb, bomb, bomb, capture 2e.
1  [_][_][X][X][_]    R5. Capture 1b.
                      R6. Capture 2b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 11001-21002                                           Rotations: 9/9
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3c.
4  [X][X][X][_][_]    R2. Capture 1a.
3  [*][_][_][X][_]    R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
2  [*][_][X][X][*]    R4. Capture 1e.
1  [_][_][X][X][_]    R5. Wait.
                      R6. Bomb, then capture 2e, mark spot 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Wait.
                      R8. Capture 5c.
                      R9. Capture 3e, bomb.

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 11010                                                 Rotations: 6/?
----------------

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2e.
4  [X][X][_][*][_]    R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][*][X][_][_]    R3. Capture 2a, bomb, mark front of row c.
2  [*][_][_][_][*]    R4. Wait.
1  [_][_][X][_][X]    R5. Capture 2c.
                      R6. Capture 1d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 11012-00111                                         Rotations: 10/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3a.
4  [_][_][_][X][*]    R2. Bomb, then capture 1e.
3  [*][_][X][_][_]    R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [X][X][_][_][_]    R4. Capture 4e.
1  [_][_][X][_][*]    R5. Capture 1b, mark front of row c.
                      R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 2c, re-mark spot 2c.
                      R8. Wait while running to end of puzzle and up left side.
                      R9. Capture 4c.
                      R10. Capture 5c.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 11012-02211                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][*][_]    R1. Capture 2c.
4  [_][_][_][_][X]    R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 1e.
2  [X][*][*][_][_]    R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [_][_][X][_][*]    R5. Capture 5d.
                      R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 11012-10211                                           Rotations: 5/5
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][*][_][*][_]    R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
2  [_][X][*][_][_]    R4. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [_][_][X][_][*]    R5. Capture 1e, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 11012-20011                                           Rotations: 6/?
----------------------

5  [_][*][*][_][_]    R1. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]    R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][*][_]    R3. Capture 1b.
2  [*][X][X][_][_]    R4. Capture 4e.
1  [_][_][X][_][*]    R5. Bomb, then capture 2a, mark spot 1b.
                      R6. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 2b is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 11012-21111                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [X][_][*][_][_]    R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
4  [_][X][X][X][_]    R2. Capture 1e.
3  [_][_][X][*][_]    R3. Capture 4a, bomb, mark front of row c.
2  [*][_][_][_][_]    R4. Wait.
1  [_][_][X][_][*]    R5. Capture 2c.
                      R6. Capture 4e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Bomb.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 11012-21121                                           Rotations: 7/?
----------------------

5  [_][*][*][_][_]    R1. Capture 1e, bomb, mark front of row c.
4  [_][X][X][X][X]    R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][X]    R3. Capture 2c.
2  [*][_][_][*][_]    R4. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][X][_][*]    R5. Capture 2a, bomb.
                      R6. Capture 3c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 4a, bomb.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 11021-10111                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][X][_][_]    R1. Capture 1d.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1a.
3  [*][X][_][_][*]    R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
2  [_][X][_][_][_]    R4. Bomb, then capture 3a.
1  [_][_][X][*][_]    R5. Capture 1e.
                      R6. Capture 1b.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 4a, bomb.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 11021-20121                                           Rotations: 5/6
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][*][_][X][X]    R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]    R3. Bomb, bomb, then capture 1d.
2  [*][X][_][*][_]    R4. Capture 1b.
1  [_][_][X][*][_]    R5. Capture 1e, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 11101                                               Rotations: 10/11
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3c.
4  [_][*][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1e.</pre><pre id="faqspan-11">3  [X][X][*][_][X]    R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [_][X][X][_][*]    R4. Bomb, then capture 2e.
1  [_][_][_][X][_]    R5. Capture 1a.
                      R6. Capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Bomb, capture 1b, mark front of row d.
                      R8. Wait.
                      R9. Capture 2d.
                      R10. Capture 3d.

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 11110                                                 Rotations: 5/5
----------------                                                      Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2b, bomb.
4  [X][X][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1d.
3  [*][_][*][_][_]    R3. Capture 2d.
2  [_][*][_][*][_]    R4. Bomb.
1  [_][_][_][_][X]    R5. Capture 5e.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 11111                                                 Rotations: 7/7
----------------                                                      Brilliant

5  [*][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]    R2. Capture 1c.
3  [_][*][_][X][X]    R3. Capture 1e.
2  [*][_][X][X][*]    R4. Bomb, bomb, then capture 2e.
1  [_][_][_][_][_]    R5. Capture 1d, mark spot 1c.
                      R6. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 3c, bomb.

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 11112                                                 Rotations: 5/6
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][*][_][_]    R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][X]    R3. Capture 2b.
2  [X][*][X][*][_]    R4. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][_][_][*]    R5. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 11120                                                Rotations: 9/11
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

5  [X][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3e.
4  [_][_][_][X][X]    R2. Capture 1b.
3  [*][_][_][X][_]    R3. Capture 2b, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][X][_]    R4. Capture 1d, mark front of row e.
1  [_][_][_][*][X]    R5. Wait.
                      R6. Capture 2e.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 4c.
                      R8. Capture 5b.
                      R9. Bomb.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 11121-00112                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][X]    R1. Capture 3a.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]    R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [*][*][X][_][_]    R3. Capture 1b.
2  [X][X][_][_][*]    R4. Wait.
1  [_][_][_][*][_]    R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
                      R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 5d.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 11121-10112                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][*][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 4c.
4  [X][_][*][*][_]    R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [X][X][X][_][X]    R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
2  [_][X][_][_][*]    R4. Capture 1b.
1  [_][_][_][*][_]    R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
                      R6. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 11121-20121                                           Rotations: 7/?
----------------------

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]    R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][X][X][_]    R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [*][X][_][*][_]    R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*][_]    R5. Capture 3e, mark spot 2d.
                      R6. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4d is protected.

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 11122                                                 Rotations: 5/8
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

5  [_][_][*][*][_]    R1. Capture 3a.
4  [_][*][_][X][_]    R2. Capture 1a.
3  [*][X][X][_][_]    R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [X][X][_][_][_]    R4. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 4d.
1  [_][_][_][*][*]    R5. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 5d is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 11200                                                 Rotations: 9/9
----------------                                                      Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2e, mark front of row d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Wait.
3  [X][*][_][_][X]    R3. Capture 2d.
2  [_][X][_][_][*]    R4. Bomb, then capture 1c.
1  [_][_][*][X][X]    R5. Capture 1b.
                      R6. Capture 1a.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 2a, bomb.
                      R8. Capture 2c.
                      R9. Bomb.

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 11201                                                 Rotations: 5/6
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

5  [_][_][X][_][_]    R1. Capture 2d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Bomb, then capture 1c.
3  [*][_][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 1e.
2  [_][*][_][*][*]    R4. Bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][X][_]    R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 11210-01120                                           Rotations: 4/5
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3a.
4  [_][*][*][_][_]    R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 1a, mark spot 2b.
2  [X][_][_][*][X]    R4. Bomb 3 times while Forbidden Qube in 3b is protected.
1  [_][_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 11210-12111                                           Rotations: 5/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2e.
4  [_][_][*][_][*]    R2. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb, mark spot 2e.
3  [*][_][_][_][X]    R3. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][_][_]    R4. Bomb, then capture 4e.
1  [_][_][*][_][X]    R5. Capture 4c, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 11210-21111                                           Rotations: 5/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][*][*][_]    R1. Capture 2a, bomb, mark front of row e.
4  [X][X][_][_][_]    R2. Wait.
3  [_][*][X][_][X]    R3. Capture 2e.
2  [*][_][_][_][_]    R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_][X]    R5. Bomb, bomb, capture 3d.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 11211                                                 Rotations: 8/?
----------------

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 4a.
4  [*][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [X][X][_][X][X]    R3. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][*][_][*]    R4. Capture 1e.
1  [_][_][*][_][_]    R5. Bomb, then capture 2e.
                      R6. Capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 3c.
                      R8. Bomb.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 11212-01110                                           Rotations: 8/8
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][*][_]    R1. Capture 1e.
4  [X][X][*][_][_]    R2. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]    R3. Wait.
2  [X][_][_][_][X]    R4. Capture 3a, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_][*]    R5. Wait.
                      R6. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 3a.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Wait.
                      R8. Capture 5a.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 11212-02111                                           Rotations: 5/5
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][X][X]    R1. Capture 3a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [_][X][X][_][*]    R3. Capture 1a.
2  [X][*][_][_][_]    R4. Capture 1e.
1  [_][_][*][_][*]    R5. Bomb, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 11221                                                 Rotations: 3/4
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

5  [_][_][*][*][_]    R1. Capture 3b.
4  [_][_][_][_][X]    R2. Bomb, then capture 1c, then bomb again.
3  [_][*][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [X][_][_][_][_]
1  [_][_][*][*][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 12000-10112                                           Rotations: 8/6
----------------------                                    Got any better ideas?

5  [_][_][_][*][_]    R1. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1a, mark row e.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]    R3. Wait.
2  [_][X][_][_][*]    R4. Capture 2e.
1  [_][*][X][X][X]    R5. Capture 2a, bomb.
                      R6. Capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 5d, bomb.
                      R8. Capture 3c.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 12000-21112                                           Rotations: 4/4
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [X][X][_][X][X]    R1. Capture 2a, bomb, mark front of row e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]    R3. Bomb, then capture 2e.
2  [*][_][_][_][*]    R4. Capture 5c, bomb.
1  [_][*][X][X][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 12011                                                 Rotations: 7/9
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
3  [*][_][_][*][X]    R3. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 2a is protected.
2  [X][_][*][X][_]    R4. Clear mark.
1  [_][*][X][_][_]    R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
                      R6. Capture 1e.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 2e, bomb.

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 12100                                                 Rotations: 4/4
----------------                                                      Brilliant

5  [_][X][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Bomb.
3  [X][_][_][*][X]    R3. Capture 4a.
2  [_][_][*][_][X]    R4. Capture 4a, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 12101-12112                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][*][_]    R1. Capture 2e.
4  [X][_][X][_][_]    R2. Bomb, capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_][*]    R4. Capture 4b.
1  [_][*][_][X][_]    R5. Capture 5e.
                      R6. Capture 5d.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Bomb.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 12102-11110                                           Rotations: 6/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1e, mark front of row d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Wait.
3  [*][X][X][*][_]    R3. Capture 2d.
2  [_][_][_][_][X]    R4. Capture 1b, then bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X][*]    R5. Capture 3a, mark spot 2b.
                      R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3b is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 12102-11121                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1b.
4  [_][X][X][_][_]    R2. Bomb.
3  [_][_][*][_][_]    R3. Capture 1e.
2  [_][_][_][*][_]    R4. Capture 4a.
1  [_][*][_][X][*]    R5. Capture 5a, bomb.
                      R6. Capture 5e.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 12110-11200                                           Rotations: 4/4
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [X][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][*][_]    R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][*][X][X]    R4. Capture 4a, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 12110-11201                                           Rotations: 5/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2e.
4  [_][*][_][*][_]    R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [X][X][_][*][_]    R3. Capture 1d, mark spot 2b.
2  [_][_][*][X][_]    R4. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3b is protected.
1  [_][*][_][_][X]    R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 12110-11202                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 4a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [X][X][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 1d, mark row e.
2  [_][_][*][X][*]    R4. Wait.
1  [_][*][_][_][X]    R5. Bomb, then capture 2e.
                      R6. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 5a, bomb.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 12111-11121                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [X][_][_][*][_]    R1. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][X][X][_]    R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][*]    R3. Capture 2d, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][*][_]    R4. Capture 4a.
1  [_][*][_][_][_]    R5. Capture 4b.
                      R6. Capture 5b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 4e, bomb.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 12111-21102                                           Rotations: 8/8
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]    R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [_][X][X][_][_]    R3. Capture 2e.
2  [*][_][_][X][*]    R4. Capture 1d, mark spot 2c.
1  [_][*][_][_][_]    R5. Bomb.
                      R6. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 5c.
                      R8. Capture 3a.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 12111-21211                                           Rotations: 2/3
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [X][X][X][_][_]    R1. Capture 2c, bomb, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][*]    R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][*][_]
2  [*][_][*][_][_]
1  [_][*][_][_][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 12112-00011                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [*][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3c.
4  [*][_][X][X][X]    R2. Capture 1e.
3  [_][_][_][*][_]    R3. Bomb, then capture 1b.
2  [X][X][X][_][_]    R4. Capture 1a.
1  [_][*][_][_][*]    R5. Capture 1a, mark spot 3e.
                      R6. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 5e, mark spot 3d.
                      R8. Bomb 3 times.
                      R9. Capture 5d.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 12112-11100                                           Rotations: 8/8
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [X][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]    R2. Capture 1e.
3  [_][X][X][*][_]    R3. Capture 1d, mark spot 2b.
2  [_][_][_][X][X]    R4. Wait.
1  [_][*][_][_][*]    R5. Capture 4b, bomb.
                      R6. Capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 4a.
                      R8. Capture 5b, bomb.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 12112-11201                                           Rotations: 6/5
----------------------                                    Got any better ideas?

5  [X][_][_][*][_]    R1. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][X]    R3. Capture 4a, mark front of row e.
2  [_][_][*][X][_]    R4. Wait.
1  [_][*][_][_][*]    R5. Capture 2e, bomb, bomb.
                      R6. Capture 1e.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x5 Puzzle 12121-10111-00211                                     Rotations: 8/8
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][X][X]    R2. Capture 1a.
3  [X][X][*][_][_]    R3. Capture 2a.
2  [_][X][_][_][_]    R4. Capture 1d.
1  [_][*][_][*][_]    R5. Bomb.
                      R6. Mark spot 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Wait.
                      R8. Capture 5e, bomb.

----------------------------
5x5 Puzzle 12121-10111-11110                                    Rotations: 9/10
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

5  [_][_][*][_][_]    R1. Capture 4e.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]    R2. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_][X]    R3. Capture 1a.
2  [_][X][_][_][_]    R4. Capture 2a.
1  [_][*][_][*][_]    R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
                      R6. Capture 3d, bomb, mark spot 2e.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Wait.
                      R8. Wait.
                      R9. Capture 5e.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 12121-11111                                           Rotations: 3/4
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1d.
4  [_][*][*][_][_]    R2. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 2b.
3  [_][X][_][*][_]    R3. Bomb until clear while Forbidden Qube is protected.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]
1  [_][*][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 12211-01111                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][*][X][*]    R2. Bomb, capture 1e.
3  [_][_][_][_][X]    R3. Capture 2e, re-mark spot 2e.
2  [X][_][_][_][_]    R4. Wait.
1  [_][*][*][_][_]    R5. Bomb, then capture 4e.
                      R6. Capture 1a.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Bomb.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 12211-11110                                           Rotations: 5/?
----------------------

5  [_][*][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [X][_][_][*][_]    R2. Capture 1d.
3  [X][_][_][_][X]    R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][X]    R4. Bomb, then capture 5b.
1  [_][*][*][_][_]    R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 12221                                                 Rotations: 6/6
----------------                                                      Brilliant

5  [_][X][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][_][X]    R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
1  [_][*][*][*][_]    R5. Capture 1a.
                      R6. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 20000                                                 Rotations: 4/4
----------------                                                      Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][X]    R1. Capture 1a.
4  [_][*][_][_][X]    R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][*][_][X]    R3. Bomb 3 times.
2  [_][_][_][_][X]    R4. Capture 5d.
1  [*][X][X][X][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 20001-02121                                         Rotations: 10/12
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2d.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]    R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][X][X][_]    R3. Capture 1e, mark row b.
2  [X][*][_][*][_]    R4. Wait.
1  [*][X][X][X][_]    R5. Bomb, then capture 2b, mark row c.
                      R6. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 2c.
                      R8. Bomb, capture 2e.
                      R9. Capture 3e.
                      R10. Capture 4e.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 20001-12111                                           Rotations: 4/4
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][X]    R1. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][*][_][_]    R2. Capture 1e.
3  [_][_][_][*][_]    R3. Bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_][_]    R4. Capture 5a, bomb 3 times.
1  [*][X][X][X][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 20012                                                 Rotations: 6/?
----------------

5  [X][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1a, mark front of row c.
3  [_][_][*][X][X]    R3. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][*][_]    R4. Bomb.
1  [*][X][X][_][*]    R5. Capture 3c.
                      R6. Capture 5b.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 20021-11100                                         Rotations: 11/12
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3d.
4  [_][*][X][_][_]    R2. Capture 1d, mark front of row c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]    R3. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][X]    R4. Capture 2c.
1  [*][X][X][*][_]    R5. Capture 1a.
                      R6. Capture 1e, re-mark spot 1e.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Bomb.
                      R8. Capture 3e.
                      R9. Capture 3c, bomb.
                      R10. Capture 4d.
                      R11. Capture 4e.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 20021-12110                                           Rotations: 5/5
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [X][_][*][_][_]    R1. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 1e.
2  [_][*][_][_][X]    R4. Bomb, capture 2d.
1  [*][X][X][*][_]    R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 20101                                                 Rotations: 5/?
----------------

5  [X][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2d.
4  [_][_][*][_][_]    R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][X][X]    R3. Capture 1e.
2  [_][*][_][*][_]    R4. Capture 2e, bomb.
1  [*][X][_][X][_]    R5. Capture 1c, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 20202-12121                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]    R3. Bomb, then capture 1a.
2  [_][*][_][*][_]    R4. Capture 1e.
1  [*][X][*][X][*]    R5. Capture 2a.
                      R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 20202-22222                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 1e.
2  [*][*][*][*][*]    R4. Capture 2c.
1  [*][X][*][X][*]    R5. Bomb, then capture 2a.
                      R6. Capture 5e.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 20212                                                 Rotations: 8/8
----------------                                                      Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1c.
3  [X][_][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 2a.
2  [_][_][X][X][X]    R4. Capture 1d.
1  [*][X][*][_][*]    R5. Bomb, then capture 1e, mark front of row b.
                      R6. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 2b.
                      R8. Bomb.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21000-10102                                         Rotations: 10/12
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3c.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]    R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][X][X]    R3. Capture 1b, mark front of row e.
2  [_][X][_][X][*]    R4. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][X][X]    R5. Bomb, then capture 2e, mark front of row c.
                      R6. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 2c.
                      R8. Capture 2a, bomb, mark spot 3c.
                      R9. Wait.
                      R10. Capture 5c.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21000-11112                                           Rotations: 8/?
----------------------

5  [X][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2e.
4  [_][X][*][_][_]    R2. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark front of row c.
3  [_][_][X][_][*]    R3. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][*]    R4. Capture 2c, re-mark spot 2c.
1  [*][_][X][X][X]    R5. Wait.
                      R6. Capture 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 4a.
                      R8. Bomb.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21000-11122                                           Rotations: 7/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2e.
4  [*][X][*][_][_]    R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][X][X][_][_]    R3. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][_][*][*]    R4. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][X][X]    R5. Bomb, then capture 4a, mark front of row c.
                      R6. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 2c, bomb.

----------------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21000-12112-00021                                     Rotations: 5/6
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2e.
4  [_][_][*][_][_]    R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark front of row c.
3  [X][X][X][*][_]    R3. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][_][*]    R4. Capture 2c.
1  [*][_][X][X][X]    R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21000-12112-11011                                     Rotations: 6/?
----------------------------

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1a, mark front of row c.
4  [X][X][_][*][_]    R2. Bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]    R3. Capture 2c, mark front of row e.
2  [_][*][_][_][*]    R4. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][X][X]    R5. Capture 2e, mark spot 2c.
                      R6. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 3c is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21002-11011                                           Rotations: 5/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][*][_][X]    R1. Capture 3c.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]    R2. Capture 1e.
3  [_][*][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]    R4. Bomb, mark spot 3c.
1  [*][_][X][X][*]    R5. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 4c is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21002-11110                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][X][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1a.
4  [X][_][_][_][_]    R2. Bomb, then capture 1e, mark spot 3a.
3  [_][_][*][*][_]    R3. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][X]    R4. Capture 5a.
1  [*][_][X][X][*]    R5. Bomb.
                      R6. Bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21002-21121                                           Rotations: 5/5
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][X][_][_]    R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][*]    R2. Capture 1e.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 3a.
2  [*][_][_][*][_]    R4. Bomb.
1  [*][_][X][X][*]    R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21010-00211                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][*][_][_][X]    R1. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1b, mark front of row c.
3  [_][_][_][*][_]    R3. Wait.
2  [X][X][*][_][_]    R4. Bomb, then capture 2c.
1  [*][_][X][_][X]    R5. Capture 1d.
                      R6. Bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21010-11212                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][*][_]    R1. Capture 2c, mark front of row e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Wait.
3  [*][X][X][_][_]    R3. Capture 2e.
2  [_][_][*][_][*]    R4. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][X]    R5. Capture 3a.
                      R6. Capture 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Bomb.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21010-11222                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [*][_][X][_][_]    R1. Capture 2c.
4  [X][_][_][_][_]    R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 3a.
2  [_][_][*][*][*]    R4. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][X]    R5. Capture 5a.
                      R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21010-12000                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1a, bomb, mark front of row e.
4  [_][_][_][_][X]    R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][*][_][_]    R3. Bomb.
2  [_][*][X][X][X]    R4. Bomb, capture 3e.
1  [*][_][X][_][X]    R5. Capture 1d, mark spot 3e.
                      R6. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 5e.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21010-12022                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1a, bomb, mark front of row e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Wait.
3  [X][X][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 2e.
2  [_][*][X][*][*]    R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][X]    R5. Wait.
                      R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21011-11020                                           Rotations: 8/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][*][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3c.
4  [X][_][*][_][_]    R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][X][_][_][X]    R3. Capture 2d.
2  [_][_][X][*][X]    R4. Capture 1e.
1  [*][_][X][_][_]    R5. Capture 3d.
                      R6. Capture 1a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 3a, bomb, mark spot 3a.
                      R8. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4a is protected.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21011-11220                                           Rotations: 7/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2c.
4  [X][_][_][_][*]    R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]    R3. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][*][*][X]    R4. Bomb, then capture 2d.
1  [*][_][X][_][_]    R5. Capture 1e, mark spot 3a.
                      R6. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 5a, bomb, bomb.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21011-12212                                           Rotations: 3/3
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][X][X][X][X]    R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][*][_]    R3. Capture 5a, bomb 3 times.
2  [_][*][*][_][*]
1  [*][_][X][_][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21012-11010                                           Rotations: 6/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1a.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]    R2. Bomb, then capture 1e.
3  [_][*][*][*][_]    R3. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][X][_][X]    R4. Capture 2d.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]    R5. Capture 4a, bomb.
                      R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21012-11011                                           Rotations: 8/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 4d.
4  [X][X][_][*][_]    R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
3  [_][_][X][X][_]    R3. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 3a.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]    R4. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]    R5. Capture 5a, mark spot 3b.
                      R6. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 5b.
                      R8. Capture 3e.

----------------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21012-11021-01100                                     Rotations: 7/8
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

5  [_][*][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3c.
4  [_][X][*][_][_]    R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [X][_][_][X][X]    R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][*][_]    R4. Capture 3b.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]    R5. Wait.
                      R6. Bomb, mark spot 3b.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 4b is protected.

----------------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21012-11021-02100                                     Rotations: 7/9
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

5  [_][_][*][_][_]    R1. Capture 3c.
4  [X][X][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [X][*][_][X][X]    R3. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2a.
2  [_][_][X][*][_]    R4. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]    R5. Wait.
                      R6. Bomb, capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Bomb, then capture 3b.

----------------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21012-11111-12101                                     Rotations: 7/7
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

5  [_][_][*][_][_]    R1. Capture 1a.
4  [X][_][_][*][X]    R2. Capture 1e, bomb, mark row c.
3  [_][*][_][X][_]    R3. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]    R4. Capture 2c.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]    R5. Capture 3c, bomb, bomb.
                      R6. Capture 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Bomb.

----------------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21012-11111-21002                                     Rotations: 8/9
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2c.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1a.
3  [*][_][X][X][*]    R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]    R4. Capture 3e, mark spot 2c.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]    R5. Wait.
                      R6. Capture 4c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 4a.
                      R8. Capture 5c.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21012-12011                                           Rotations: 6/?
----------------------

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3c.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]    R2. Capture 1e.
3  [X][_][_][*][_]    R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][*][X][_][_]    R4. Capture 4e.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]    R5. Capture 3b.
                      R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21012-12121                                           Rotations: 5/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3c, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Wait.
3  [X][_][*][_][X]    R3. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][*][_]    R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]    R5. Capture 1e, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21012-21010                                          Rotations: 8/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3c.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]    R2. Capture 1e.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 1d.
2  [*][_][X][_][X]    R4. Capture 2d.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]    R5. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 3c.
                      R6. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 5c.
                      R8. Capture 3a, bomb.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21012-21111                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2c.
4  [_][_][X][X][*]    R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
3  [_][X][X][X][_]    R3. Capture 3e.
2  [*][_][_][_][_]    R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]    R5. Capture 4e, mark spot 2c.
                      R6. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Bomb.
                      R8. Capture 5c.
                      R9. Capture 3a.

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 21021                                                 Rotations: 5/6
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [X][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][X][_][*][_]    R3. Capture 3a, mark spot 2b.
2  [_][*][_][_][*]    R4. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][*][_]    R5. Capture 4b, bomb 3 times.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 21022                                                 Rotations: 5/6
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][X]    R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [_][*][_][_][_]    R2. Wait.
3  [X][X][*][_][_]    R3. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2b.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]    R4. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3b is protected.
1  [*][_][X][*][*]    R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21101-11000                                           Rotations: 8/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][*][*]    R1. Capture 3c.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1e.
3  [*][X][*][X][_]    R3. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][X][X][X]    R4. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][X][_]    R5. Capture 3a, mark spot 1e.
                      R6. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 3e.
                      R8. Capture 4a, bomb.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21101-12122                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][X]    R1. Capture 2d.
4  [X][*][_][_][_]    R2. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][*][*]    R4. Capture 4b.
1  [*][_][_][X][_]    R5. Capture 1e.
                      R6. Capture 5d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 21102                                                 Rotations: 7/8
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

5  [*][_][X][_][_]    R1. Capture 2d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [X][X][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 1e, mark spot 2a.
2  [_][_][_][*][_]    R4. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][X][*]    R5. Wait.
                      R6. Capture 5a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 1c.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21110-12001                                           Rotations: 7/?
----------------------

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3d.
4  [_][_][_][_][*]    R2. Capture 1c.
3  [_][X][X][*][_]    R3. Bomb, then capture 1a, bomb again.
2  [_][*][X][X][_]    R4. Capture 1d, mark front of row e.
1  [*][_][_][_][X]    R5. Wait.
                      R6. Capture 2e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 3a.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21110-12010                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][*][_]    R1. Capture 3e.
4  [_][_][*][_][X]    R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [X][_][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 1c.
2  [_][*][X][_][X]    R4. Capture 1d.
1  [*][_][_][_][X]    R5. Capture 2d, bomb, bomb.
                      R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21111-11012                                           Rotations: 6/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2e, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]    R2. Capture 1c.
3  [X][*][_][_][*]    R3. Capture 4e.
2  [_][_][X][_][*]    R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_][_]    R5. Capture 3b, mark spot 2a.
                      R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3a is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21111-11020                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][*][*][_][_]    R1. Capture 4a.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1d.
3  [X][_][_][_][*]    R3. Capture 2d.
2  [_][_][X][*][X]    R4. Capture 1e.
1  [*][_][_][_][_]    R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
                      R6. Capture 1c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 3b, bomb.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21112-00001                                         Rotations: 11/11
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3c.
4  [_][_][X][X][X]    R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][*][_]    R3. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
2  [X][X][X][X][_]    R4. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][_][*]    R5. Bomb, then capture 3d.
                      R6. Capture 1b.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 1c.
                      R8. Bomb, then capture 1e.
                      R9. Wait.
                      R10. Capture 2e.
                      R11. Capture 3e.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21112-10121                                           Rotations: 7/?
----------------------

5  [_][*][*][_][_]    R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1c.
3  [X][X][_][X][X]    R3. Capture 2c.
2  [_][X][_][*][_]    R4. Capture 3c, bomb 3 times.
1  [*][_][_][_][*]    R5. Capture 1a.
                      R6. Capture 1b.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 2a.

----------------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21112-11000-10111                                    Rotations: 9/10
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3c.
4  [*][X][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][X][X][X]    R4. Capture 1e.
1  [*][_][_][_][*]    R5. Capture 4a.
                      R6. Capture 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Bomb, then capture 1c while running toward 4c.
                      R8. Capture 4c.
                      R9. Capture 5c.

----------------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21112-11000-10121                                     Rotations: 6/7
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [*][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1e.
3  [_][X][_][*][_]    R3. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][X][X][X]    R4. Capture 4a.
1  [*][_][_][_][*]    R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
                      R6. Capture 1d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21112-11011                                           Rotations: 5/5
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][*][_][*][_]    R1. Capture 1e.
4  [*][_][*][_][*]    R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][X][X][_][_]    R3. Capture 4e, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]    R4. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_][*]    R5. Capture 3a.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21112-11022                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3c.
4  [X][X][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][*][_][X][X]    R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][*][*]    R4. Capture 1c.
1  [*][_][_][_][*]    R5. Wait.
                      R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21112-11111                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 4e.
4  [_][X][_][X][*]    R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][*][X][X]    R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]    R4. Capture 2c.
1  [*][_][_][_][*]    R5. Capture 3c.
                      R6. Capture 4a.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 5a.
                      R8. Capture 1e, bomb.
                      R9. Capture 4c.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21121-11211                                           Rotations: 5/5
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][*]    R1. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]    R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
3  [X][*][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 4e.
2  [_][_][*][_][_]    R4. Bomb, then capture 5e.
1  [*][_][_][*][_]    R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21121-12111-10121                                     Rotations: 5/9
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

5  [*][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][X][_][X]    R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][*][_]    R3. Capture 3a.
2  [_][*][_][_][_]    R4. Capture 4d, mark spot 3c.
1  [*][_][_][*][_]    R5. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4c is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21121-12111-10211                                     Rotations: 5/5
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][X]    R1. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][X][X]    R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][X][*][_][_]    R3. Capture 3a.
2  [_][*][_][_][_]    R4. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][*][_]    R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21121-12121                                           Rotations: 6/?
----------------------

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1d.
4  [_][X][X][X][X]    R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 3a.
2  [_][*][_][*][_]    R4. Capture 4a.
1  [*][_][_][*][_]    R5. Wait.
                      R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21121-21111                                           Rotations: 5/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][X]    R1. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][X][X]    R2. Capture 1a, then bomb.
3  [X][X][*][_][_]    R3. Capture 4c.
2  [*][_][_][_][_]    R4. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][*][_]    R5. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21122-02000                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 2b.
2  [X][*][X][X][X]    R4. Capture 1c.
1  [*][_][_][*][*]    R5. Bomb, then capture 1a.
                      R6. Capture 1e.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21122-10011                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1c.
3  [_][*][*][_][_]    R3. Capture 1b, mark in front of row a.
2  [_][X][X][_][_]    R4. Bomb.
1  [*][_][_][*][*]    R5. Capture 2a, bomb.
                      R6. Bomb, then capture 1a.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21122-12111                                           Rotations: 7/?
----------------------

5  [*][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1e, bomb, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][*][_]    R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2d.
3  [X][X][_][X][_]    R3. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][_][_]    R4. Capture 4d.
1  [*][_][_][*][*]    R5. Capture 3c.
                      R6. Capture 3e, bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 4e.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21210-01112                                           Rotations: 8/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]    R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][X][*][_][_]    R3. Capture 3c, mark front of row e.
2  [X][_][_][_][*]    R4. Wait.
1  [*][_][*][_][X]    R5. Capture 2e, mark spot 1a.
    a  b  c  d  e     R6. Bomb.
                      R7. Capture 3a.
                      R8. Capture 5e.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21210-11110                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][X]    R1. Capture 4e.
4  [X][*][*][_][_]    R2. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 2c.
3  [_][_][X][X][X]    R3. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][X]    R4. Capture 4c.
1  [*][_][*][_][X]    R5. Bomb.
                      R6. Capture 1a.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Bomb.

----------------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21211-11110-11102                                     Rotations: 7/?
----------------------------

5  [_][X][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3e.
4  [_][_][X][*][_]    R2. Capture 1e.
3  [_][_][_][X][*]    R3. Bomb, then capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][_][X]    R4. Wait.
1  [*][_][*][_][_]    R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
                      R6. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 5a.

----------------------------
5x5 Puzzle 21211-11110-12011                                     Rotations: 7/8
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

5  [_][_][*][_][_]    R1. Capture 3e.
4  [X][_][_][_][X]    R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][*][X][_][_]    R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][X]    R4. Capture 1e.
1  [*][_][*][_][_]    R5. Capture 3d, mark spot 3e.
                      R6. Bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 5e.

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 21212                                                 Rotations: 6/7
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

5  [X][_][*][_][_]    R1. Capture 2b, bomb, bomb.
4  [_][X][X][_][X]    R2. Capture 4a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 3d.
2  [_][*][_][*][_]    R4. Capture 1e.
1  [*][_][*][_][*]    R5. Capture 4d, bomb.
                      R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 22000                                                 Rotations: 4/5
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

5  [X][_][X][X][X]    R1. Capture 2a, bomb, mark row d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][*][_]    R3. Bomb, then capture 2d.
2  [*][_][_][*][_]    R4. Capture 5b, bomb.
1  [*][*][X][X][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 22010                                                 Rotations: 6/?
----------------

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2c.
4  [_][_][*][_][_]    R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][_][*][X]    R4. Capture 2d.
1  [*][*][X][_][X]    R5. Capture 3a.
                      R6. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 22101                                                 Rotations: 8/?
----------------

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 3d.
4  [X][_][X][_][_]    R2. Capture 1e.
3  [_][_][X][*][X]    R3. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][X][*]    R4. Bomb, bomb, then capture 2e.
1  [*][*][_][X][_]    R5. Capture 4b, mark spot 3a.
                      R6. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 5a, bomb.
                      R8. Capture 5b.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 22111-11012                                           Rotations: 8/?
----------------------

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 2e, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]    R2. Capture 1c.
3  [X][_][_][_][*]    R3. Capture 4e.
2  [_][_][X][_][*]    R4. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 1c.
1  [*][*][_][_][_]    R5. Wait.
                      R6. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 3b.
                      R8. Bomb.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 22111-11102                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1b, bomb.</pre><pre id="faqspan-12">4  [_][_][*][_][_]    R2. Capture 1e.
3  [_][X][X][*][_]    R3. Capture 2e.
2  [_][_][_][X][*]    R4. Capture 1d.
1  [*][*][_][_][_]    R5. Capture 3a, bomb, mark spot 2c.
                      R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3c is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 22121                                                 Rotations: 6/6
----------------                                                      Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][*][_]    R1. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][*][X][X]    R2. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 3e.
3  [X][X][_][_][_]    R3. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]    R4. Capture 5e.
1  [*][*][_][*][_]    R5. Capture 4c, mark spot 3d.
                      R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4d is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x5 Puzzle 22201                                                 Rotations: 8/8
----------------                                                      Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1e.
3  [_][X][X][_][X]    R3. Capture 2e, mark front of row d.
2  [_][_][_][*][_]    R4. Wait.
1  [*][*][*][X][_]    R5. Bomb, then capture 2d.
                      R6. Capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d  e     R7. Capture 3d.
                      R8. Bomb.

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 22222-11111                                           Rotations: 4/4
----------------------                                                Brilliant

5  [_][_][_][_][_]    R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]    R2. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]    R3. Capture 1e.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]    R4. Bomb.
1  [*][*][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x5 Puzzle 22222-22222                                           Rotations: 1/1
----------------------

5  [*][*][*][*][*]    R1. Capture any Qube, bomb until clear.
4  [*][*][*][*][*]
3  [*][*][*][*][*]
2  [*][*][*][*][*]
1  [*][*][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d  e


   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     3.3.3 THIRD STAGE, WAVES 3 &amp; 4 - 5x6 PUZZLES
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 00001-01211                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [X][X][X][X][*]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [X][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e, re-mark spot 2e.
3  [X][_][_][_][X]     R4. Wait.
2  [X][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 4e, bomb.
1  [X][X][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 5e, mark spot 4d.
                       R7. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5d is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------------------------
5x6 Puzzle 00001-21101-11102-21111-11111-11111                 Rotations: 10/10
----------------------------------------------                        Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 3e, mark front of row c.
2  [*][_][_][X][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][X][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 2c while running to mark spot 2c.
                       R7. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 4c.
                       R9. Capture 5c.
                       R10. Capture 6c.

----------------------------------------------
5x6 Puzzle 00001-21101-11102-21111-11111-11121                   Rotations: 8/8
----------------------------------------------                        Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 3e, mark row c.
2  [*][_][_][X][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][X][_]     R6. Bomb, bomb, then capture 2c while running around
                           into puzzle.
    a  b  c  d  e      R7. Capture 3c.
                       R8. Capture 4c.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 00010-01211                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][*][*][_][X]     R1. Capture 2c, mark front of row e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
4  [X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [X][_][*][_][*]     R4. Capture 3e, bomb, bomb.
2  [X][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d.
1  [X][X][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 5e.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 00010-12111                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][X][_][X]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [*][X][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb 3 times.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 5a, mark spot 4d.
3  [_][_][*][*][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 6d, bomb.
1  [X][X][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 5c.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 00011-12101                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 2e.
4  [_][_][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 3e.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 4e, mark front of row b.
2  [_][*][_][X][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 2b.
                       R7. Bomb, capture 1d, run up right and behind remaining
                           Qubes.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Bomb, capture 5a.
                       R9. Capture 6a.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 00011-21002                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [X][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
5  [_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, mark front of row a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
3  [_][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
2  [*][_][X][X][*]     R5. Bomb, capture 1d.
1  [X][X][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 5a.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 00011-21101                                           Rotations: 9/9
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [*][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 3e.
2  [*][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 4e.
1  [X][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb, mark front of row c.
                       R7. Wait while running around into puzzle.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 2c.
                       R9. Capture 3c.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 00012-11121                                           Rotations: 9/9
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, mark front of row b.
4  [_][*][*][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][X][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 2b, mark front of row a.
2  [_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][_][*]     R6. Bomb, capture 2a.
                       R7. Capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 4a.
                       R9. Bomb.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 00012-21011                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [*][_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 3e, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 5e.
2  [*][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 5d.
1  [X][X][X][_][*]     R6. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 00012-21121                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb, mark front of row a.
5  [_][X][*][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, mark front of row c.
3  [_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Bomb.
2  [*][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 2c.
1  [X][X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 5a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 00012-22111                                           Rotations: 8/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a, mark row c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 2c.
3  [_][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
2  [*][*][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][_][*]     R6. Wait.
                       R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Bomb.

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 00020                                                 Rotations: 2/5
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

6  [*][*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 4c, bomb, bomb.
5  [*][*][*][*][*]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [*][*][*][*][*]
3  [*][*][*][*][*]
2  [*][*][*][*][*]
1  [X][X][X][*][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 00101                                                Rotations: 9/10
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb, mark front of row a.
3  [X][_][_][*][*]     R4. Wait.
2  [*][_][*][_][X]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2a.
1  [X][X][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 5b, mark spot 2a.
                       R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 4a, re-mark spot 4a.
                       R9. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5a is protected.

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 00110                                                 Rotations: 9/9
----------------                                                      Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [_][_][_][*][X]     R2. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][*][X][X]     R3. Capture 2c, bomb, mark front of row e.
3  [_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Wait.
2  [X][*][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 2e, bomb.
1  [X][X][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
                       R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 3d.
                       R9. Capture 6a.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 00112-10011                                           Rotations: 7/?
----------------------

6  [_][X][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
5  [_][_][_][X][*]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 5e, mark front of row a.
2  [_][X][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 2a, bomb.
                       R7. Capture 6a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 00112-22010                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
3  [_][_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1d.
2  [*][*][X][_][X]     R5. Capture 2d.
1  [X][X][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb.
                       R7. Capture 6d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 00121                                                 Rotations: 5/6
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
5  [_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, mark spot 4b.
4  [_][_][_][*][*]     R3. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Bomb to clear Advantage marks, then capture 6b.
2  [*][*][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 5a, bomb.
1  [X][X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 00122                                                 Rotations: 5/7
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

6  [*][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
5  [*][_][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][X][_][*]     R3. Bomb, bomb, mark spot 3c.
3  [X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb until clear while Forbidden Qube in 5c is
1  [X][X][_][*][*]         protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 00200-11112                                          Rotations: 10/?
----------------------

6  [_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
5  [X][_][X][X][X]     R2. Bomb.
4  [X][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1c, mark front of row a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 2a, bomb.
1  [X][X][*][X][X]     R6. Capture 3a, bomb, re-mark spot 3a.
                       R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Wait.
                       R9. Capture 6a.
                       R10. Capture 5b.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 00200-12121                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, mark front of row a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][*][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb, mark front of row e.
3  [X][_][_][_][X]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 2e.
1  [X][X][*][X][X]     R6. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 00212                                                 Rotations: 6/7
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

6  [X][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Mark front of row a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][*][X]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2a.
2  [*][X][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][X][*][_][*]     R6. Capture 1e, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 01000-01012                                           Rotations: 5/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [X][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a, bomb, mark row e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [*][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2e.
3  [_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [X][_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 2b, bomb, bomb.
1  [X][_][X][X][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 01000-12111                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [X][X][X][X][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb, mark front of row d.
4  [*][_][*][_][*]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3d, bomb, mark spot 4d.
1  [X][_][X][X][X]     R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5d is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 01001                                                 Rotations: 5/?
----------------

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [_][*][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [_][_][*][_][X]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb, bomb, re-mark spot 1e.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
2  [_][*][*][_][X]     R5. Capture 3e.
1  [X][_][X][X][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 01002                                                 Rotations: 7/8
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [X][X][_][*][X]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, mark spot 4b.
3  [_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb, bomb.
2  [*][_][*][_][_]     R5. Bomb to clear Advantage mark, then capture 6b.
1  [X][_][X][X][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 5d, mark spot 4e.
                       R7. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5e is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 01010-02212                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [X][_][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 1d, mark front of row e.
2  [X][*][*][_][*]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][_][X][_][X]     R6. Bomb, then capture 2e.
                       R7. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 3d.
                       R9. Bomb, capture 3b.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 01010-20020                                           Rotations: 7/?
----------------------

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2d.
3  [*][_][*][_][*]     R4. Capture 1b.
2  [*][X][X][*][X]     R5. Bomb.
1  [X][_][X][_][X]     R6. Wait.
                       R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 01010-21012                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c, mark row e.
5  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e, mark row a.
3  [*][_][_][X][X]     R4. Wait.
2  [*][_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 2a.
1  [X][_][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 1b, bomb.
                       R7. Capture 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 2d, bomb.
                       R9. Capture 4c.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 01010-21111                                           Rotations: 8/8
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb, mark row c.
4  [_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][*][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 2c, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
1  [X][_][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 2d, mark row e.
                       R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 2e.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 01012-01011                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
5  [_][_][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b.
3  [X][*][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 3b.
2  [X][_][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 1e, bomb 3 times.
                       R7. Capture 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 01012-10211                                           Rotations: 8/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c, mark front of row a.
5  [_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Wait.
4  [X][*][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [X][_][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [_][X][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 1b, re-mark spot 1b.
1  [X][_][X][_][*]     R6. Bomb, bomb.
                       R7. Capture 3b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 3e.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 01012-20011                                           Rotations: 8/8
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][*][X]     R4. Capture 3d, mark row c.
2  [*][X][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][_][X][_][*]     R6. Wait.
                       R7. Bomb, capture 3c, run to remaining block
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 6a.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 01201-21111                                           Rotations: 8/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [X][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [X][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2e.
3  [X][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1c.
2  [*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1b, mark spot 2e.
1  [X][_][*][X][_]     R6. Bomb.
                       R7. Bomb, then capture 4e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 5b, bomb.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 01210-12110                                           Rotations: 4/4
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 3d, mark row a.
4  [_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Wait.
3  [X][X][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 2a, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_][X]
1  [X][_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 01210-21111                                           Rotations: 8/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [*][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
5  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 3e, mark front of row a.
3  [_][_][X][X][*]     R4. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2a.
1  [X][_][*][_][X]     R6. Bomb.
                       R7. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 6a, bomb.

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 01211                                                 Rotations: 5/7
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [_][_][*][_][*]     R3. Capture 1e.
3  [*][_][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 2e.
2  [X][*][_][*][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 3d.
1  [X][_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 02000                                                 Rotations: 5/7
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1b, mark front of row e.
5  [_][X][*][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb, mark spot 4b.
2  [*][_][*][_][_]     R5. Bomb 3 times while Forbidden Qube in 5b is
1  [X][*][X][X][X]         protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 02010-11121                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [*][_][_][*][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2d.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Mark spot 4d.
1  [X][*][X][_][X]     R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube at 5d is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 02010-11201                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, mark front of row e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Bomb, capture 2e.
3  [*][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][*][X][_]     R5. Bomb.
1  [X][*][X][_][X]     R6. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 02012-00011                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, mark spot in front of 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][*][_][X][*]     R4. Bomb, then capture 3e.
2  [X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][*][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 1e, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 02012-21221                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [X][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Bomb.
2  [*][_][*][*][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][*][X][_][*]     R6. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 02020                                                 Rotations: 6/6
----------------                                                      Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
2  [X][*][X][*][X]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][*][X][*][X]     R6. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 02101                                                 Rotations: 8/7
----------------                                          Got any better ideas?

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
3  [*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2e.
2  [X][X][*][X][*]     R5. Capture 2c.
1  [X][*][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 3e.
                       R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 6c.

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 02121                                                 Rotations: 7/7
----------------                                                      Brilliant

6  [_][X][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, bomb, bomb, mark spot 4c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][*][_][*]     R5. Bomb, capture 6c.
1  [X][*][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 6a.
                       R7. Capture 6e.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 02220                                                 Rotations: 6/6
----------------                                                      Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, mark row e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
4  [*][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1e.
3  [_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Wait.
2  [X][_][_][_][*]     R5. Mark spot 2e.
1  [X][*][*][*][X]     R6. Bomb, bomb wile Forbidden Qube in 3e is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 10000                                                 Rotations: 6/6
----------------                                                      Brilliant

6  [X][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][X][_][X]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [*][X][_][*][_]     R5. Bomb.
1  [_][X][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 5d.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 10001-00201                                           Rotations: 7/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a, mark front of row c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][*][_][*][X]     R3. Capture 2c.
3  [X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
2  [X][X][*][X][_]     R5. Capture 1e, bomb.
1  [_][X][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 2e.
                       R7. Capture 3e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 10001-01211                                           Rotations: 9/9
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4e, mark row c.
5  [_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][*][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2c.
3  [_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Bomb, capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
2  [X][_][*][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
1  [_][X][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 3a.
                       R7. Capture 1e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 2e.
                       R9. Capture 5e.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 10001-10102                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e.
3  [_][X][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
2  [_][X][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 2a.
1  [_][X][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 3a, bomb 5 times.
                       R7. Capture 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 10001-10201                                           Rotations: 8/8
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][*][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, re-mark spot 2a.
3  [X][X][X][X][_]     R4. Bomb 3 times.
2  [_][X][*][X][_]     R5. Capture 4a.
1  [_][X][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 1e.
                       R7. Capture 2e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 3e.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 10001-11001                                           Rotations: 8/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][*][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, mark spot 2b.
3  [X][X][X][X][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 4b.
1  [_][X][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 1e, bomb.
                       R7. Capture 2e, bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 3e.

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 10002                                                 Rotations: 8/8
----------------                                                      Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1e, mark front of row b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb, re-mark spot 1a.
2  [X][_][*][*][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][X][X][X][*]     R6. Capture 3a.
                       R7. Capture 5e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Bomb.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 10010-01221                                           Rotations: 7/?
----------------------

6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, re-mark spot 1a.
4  [X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, bomb, then capture 3a.
2  [X][_][*][*][_]     R5. Capture 1d, mark front of row e.
1  [_][X][X][_][X]     R6. Wait.
                       R7. Bomb, capture 2e.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 10010-11122                                           Rotations: 8/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][*][*]     R5. Capture 2a, bomb.
1  [_][X][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 3a, bomb.
                       R7. Capture 4a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 5e.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 10011-00210                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [X][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [X][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
3  [X][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1e.
2  [X][X][*][_][X]     R5. Capture 2d, bomb.
1  [_][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 6b.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 10011-21100                                           Rotations: 8/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
5  [X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][*][*][X]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [_][*][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 4d, mark spot 4a.
1  [_][X][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
                       R7. Capture 6a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 1d.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 10012-00211                                           Rotations: 7/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3a, mark row c.
5  [_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Bomb, capture 2c.
3  [*][X][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 1a.
2  [X][X][*][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 1e, bomb.
                       R7. Capture 3d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 10012-10012                                           Rotations: 8/8
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark front of row b.
4  [X][X][X][X][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [X][*][X][X][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][X][X][_][*]     R5. Bomb, then capture 3b.
1  [_][X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 2a.
                       R7. Capture 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 4e, bomb.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 10012-12011                                          Rotations: 8/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3a, bomb, mark row c.
5  [_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [*][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 3c.
2  [_][*][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 1e.
1  [_][X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 3d.
                       R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5d is protected.

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 10020                                                 Rotations: 7/8
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
3  [*][X][*][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
2  [X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
1  [_][X][X][*][X]     R6. Capture 5e.
                       R7. Capture 6e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 10101-02001                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e, bomb.
3  [*][_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 3e.
2  [X][*][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 1a.
1  [_][X][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 1c, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 10101-10012                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
5  [X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 2e.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [X][X][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
2  [_][X][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 2a, bomb twice, re-mark spot 2a.
1  [_][X][_][X][_]     R6. Bomb.
                       R7. Capture 4a.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 10101-12000                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
3  [*][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 3a, bomb.
2  [_][*][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 1e.
1  [_][X][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 1c, bomb.
                       R7. Capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 10101-20100                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
5  [_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb 4 times, then capture 2a.
3  [_][_][X][X][*]     R4. Capture 1c.
2  [*][X][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 2c, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 1e.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 10102-02201                                           Rotations: 8/8
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
3  [X][X][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1e.
2  [X][*][*][X][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][X][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 2e.
                       R7. Bomb, then capture 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 6d.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 10102-20001                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
5  [_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
3  [X][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
2  [*][X][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 1c.
1  [_][X][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 2e.
                       R7. Capture 3e, bomb 3 times.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 10111                                                 Rotations: 7/?
----------------

6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2d.
3  [*][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1a.
2  [*][X][X][*][X]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1e.
                       R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 10112-00011                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
5  [_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
3  [*][X][_][*][X]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 3d, mark spot 1c.
1  [_][X][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
                       R7. Capture 3c, bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 10112-12121                                           Rotations: 5/6
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][*][*][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 3e.
1  [_][X][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 10121-00112                                           Rotations: 5/5
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
5  [_][*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][X][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 3a, bomb.
2  [X][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 4e, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 10121-01212                                           Rotations: 8/?
----------------------

6  [*][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 3a.
5  [_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5e.
2  [X][_][*][_][*]     R5. Capture 6e.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 6a, bomb.
                       R7. Capture 5c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 6c.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 10121-10111                                           Rotations: 7/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][*][X][X][*]     R4. Capture 3e.
2  [_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 3a.
                       R7. Capture 4e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x6 Puzzle 10121-10112-20011                                    Rotations: 7/10
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb (let other adv. mark reach end)
5  [_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][*][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [*][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
2  [_][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 3d.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 3e.
                       R7. Bomb, capture 4e.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x6 Puzzle 10121-10112-22001                                     Rotations: 7/7
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][*][X][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [*][*][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
2  [_][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 3e, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 4e.
                       R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 10121-20111                                           Rotations: 5/5
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 3e.
4  [_][*][_][_][X]     R3. Wait.
3  [X][X][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 5e, bomb.
2  [*][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2a.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 10122-10111                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
4  [*][_][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [*][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a, mark spot 3d.
2  [_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][X][_][*][*]     R6. Bomb, capture 5d.
                       R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 10122-21111                                           Rotations: 9/9
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
5  [*][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 2c.
3  [_][_][X][X][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4c.
1  [_][X][_][*][*]     R6. Capture 5a.
                       R7. Capture 5c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 3e, bomb.
                       R9. Capture 4e.

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 10200                                                 Rotations: 7/7
----------------                                                      Brilliant

6  [X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
5  [_][_][_][*][X]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
2  [*][_][X][_][*]     R5. Bomb.
1  [_][X][*][X][X]     R6. Capture 5a.
                       R7. Capture 6b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 10210                                                 Rotations: 6/6
----------------                                                      Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [*][_][_][*][X]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb, mark row e.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [X][*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2e, bomb.
1  [_][X][*][_][X]     R6. Capture 3e, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 11000                                                 Rotations: 7/7
----------------                                                      Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [*][*][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
2  [_][X][*][*][*]     R5. Capture 4a.
1  [_][_][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 5a.
                       R7. Bomb, capture 1b.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 11021                                                 Rotations: 7/7
----------------                                                      Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e, bomb.
5  [*][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [X][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb, mark spot 3a.
3  [_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb.
2  [*][_][*][_][*]     R5. Capture 5a.
1  [_][_][X][*][_]     R6. Wait.
                       R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 11100                                                 Rotations: 7/7
----------------                                                      Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [*][*][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [*][X][*][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 3a.
2  [_][X][_][*][*]     R5. Capture 1c.
1  [_][_][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 1b, bomb.
                       R7. Capture 6e.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 11101                                                Rotations: 9/10
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
5  [_][_][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [*][X][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1e.
2  [_][X][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 2e.
1  [_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 3e.
                       R7. Bomb, then capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 1b.
                       R9. Capture 1c, bomb.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 11102-00100                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][*][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
5  [_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
3  [X][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [X][X][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 2c, bomb 3 times.
1  [_][_][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 6e.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 11102-21112                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb
5  [_][_][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
3  [*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2c, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 5d.
1  [_][_][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 3c.
                       R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 11111                                                 Rotations: 7/?
----------------

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [X][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [_][_][*][_][*]     R4. Capture 2a.
2  [*][_][X][*][X]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d.
                       R7. Capture 1e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 11121-00111                                          Rotations: 8/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
5  [_][_][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [*][X][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1b, mark spot 1a.
2  [X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 3a, bomb.
                       R7. Bomb, then capture 4a, mark spot 3b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4b is protected.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 11121-00112                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 3a.
5  [_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1d, bomb again.
3  [*][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb, re-mark spot 1b.
2  [X][X][_][_][*]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 3b.
                       R7. Capture 5d.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 11121-10212                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [X][*][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
2  [_][X][*][_][*]     R5. Capture 2a.
1  [_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 3e, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 11121-20211                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1b.
3  [X][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [*][X][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 3e, mark spot 2d.
1  [_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3d is protected.
                       R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 11122-00011                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
3  [*][*][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b.
2  [X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c.
1  [_][_][_][*][*]     R6. Bomb.
                       R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 11122-20011                                           Rotations: 7/?
----------------------

6  [_][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2a.
3  [_][*][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b.
2  [*][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c.
1  [_][_][_][*][*]     R6. Capture 3a, bomb.
                       R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 11210                                                Rotations: 9/10
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a, mark front of row e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e.
3  [*][X][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3e.
1  [_][_][*][_][X]     R6. Capture 1a.
                       R7. Capture 3c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 4c.
                       R9. Capture 5c.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 11211-01210                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
5  [_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, re-mark spot 1e.
4  [_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Bomb, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 3e.
2  [X][_][*][_][X]     R5. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
1  [_][_][*][_][_]     R6. Wait.
                       R7. Capture 3a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 11211-11120                                           Rotations: 5/5
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
5  [*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [X][X][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][*][X]     R5. Capture 3c, bomb 3 times.
1  [_][_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 11211-12121                                           Rotations: 5/5
----------------------                                                Brilliant
</pre><pre id="faqspan-13">6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [X][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1e.
2  [_][*][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 2e, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 11212-01111                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
5  [_][*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [X][X][_][X][X]     R3. Wait.
3  [*][X][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 1c, then bomb.
2  [X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1e, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 3e.
                       R7. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 4c.
                       R9. Bomb.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 11212-02121                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e, mark spot 1a.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
2  [X][*][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
1  [_][_][*][_][*]     R6. Capture 3b.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 11212-10011                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
4  [X][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1e.
3  [X][*][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a.
1  [_][_][*][_][*]     R6. Wait.
                       R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 12001                                                 Rotations: 6/8
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

6  [X][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
5  [_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 1e.
3  [*][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 2e.
2  [_][_][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 3e, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][*][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 1a.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 12011                                                 Rotations: 8/9
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

6  [X][X][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [*][_][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1b.
2  [X][X][*][_][X]     R5. Capture 1e.
1  [_][*][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 2d.
                       R7. Capture 6d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 6c.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 12100-11102                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, mark front of row e.
5  [X][_][_][*][_]     R2. Bomb.
4  [_][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e.
3  [_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 4a, re-mark spot 4a.
2  [_][_][_][X][*]     R5. Bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 6a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 12100-11201                                           Rotations: 4/?
----------------------

6  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 3b, mark front of row e.
4  [_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Wait.
3  [X][*][X][X][X]     R4. Bomb, bomb, capture 2e.
2  [_][_][*][X][_]
1  [_][*][_][X][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 12100-21112                                           Rotations: 8/8
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 3c, mark front of row e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [X][X][_][X][X]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2e, mark front of row d.
2  [*][_][_][_][*]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][*][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 2d.
                       R7. Capture 4c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Bomb.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 12101-11102                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][*][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
5  [*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e, mark spot 3a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][*]     R5. Bomb, then capture 5a.
1  [_][*][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 6e, bomb, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 12101-11201                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4e, bomb.
5  [*][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 2e.
3  [_][X][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [_][_][*][X][_]     R5. Capture 3a, mark spot 2c.
1  [_][*][_][X][_]     R6. Wait.
                       R7. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 4c is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 12101-12101                                           Rotations: 4/5
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4e, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [*][*][*][*][*]     R3. Capture 2e, bomb.
3  [X][X][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1b, then bomb.
2  [_][*][_][X][_]
1  [_][*][_][X][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 12101-12110                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, re-mark spot 1e.
4  [_][_][_][X][*]     R3. Wait.
3  [*][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 3e, mark row d.
2  [_][*][_][_][X]     R5. Bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 2d.
                       R7. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 4e, mark spot 3d.
                       R9. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4d is protected.

----------------------------
5x6 Puzzle 12101-21102-00011                                     Rotations: 9/9
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

6  [_][_][*][_][X]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [X][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e, mark spot 2c.
3  [X][X][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][X][*]     R5. Bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X][_]     R6. Wait.
                       R7. Capture 6c, mark spot 2b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Bomb.
                       R9. Capture 4b.

----------------------------
5x6 Puzzle 12101-21102-11011                                     Rotations: 8/9
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

6  [_][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [*][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][X][*]     R5. Bomb, then capture 5a, mark spot 2c.
1  [_][*][_][X][_]     R6. Wait.
                       R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 5c.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 12101-21121                                           Rotations: 5/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e, mark spot 4e.
3  [X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 6e, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 12102-11111                                           Rotations: 7/?
----------------------

6  [*][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][X][*][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb, mark spot 2a.
3  [X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4a, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 3c, bomb.
                       R7. Capture 4c, bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 12102-21100                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [X][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1e, mark spot 2c.
4  [_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 4c.
2  [*][_][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 5c, mark spot 4b.
1  [_][*][_][X][*]     R6. Wait.
                       R7. Capture 6b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 12110-11202                                         Rotations: 10/10
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
5  [_][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [X][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 3b.
2  [_][_][*][X][*]     R5. Capture 4b, mark spot 2a.
1  [_][*][_][_][X]     R6. Wait.
                       R7. Capture 4a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 5a, bomb.
                       R9. Capture 6a, run to the right.
                       R10. Capture 6e.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 12110-11210                                           Rotations: 9/?
----------------------

6  [X][X][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
5  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb 4 times.
4  [*][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 4d.
3  [_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5d, mark spot 3e.
2  [_][_][*][_][X]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][*][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 5e.
                       R7. Capture 6e, mark spot 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Wait.
                       R9. capture 6c.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 12111-11100                                           Rotations: 8/7
----------------------                                    Got any better ideas?

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
4  [*][_][X][X][X]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][*][X]     R4. Capture 3d.
2  [_][_][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 3a.
1  [_][*][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4a.
                       R7. Capture 1e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 3b.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 12111-11112                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
5  [_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][*][X][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2e, bomb again.
3  [X][X][X][_][*]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 4e.
1  [_][*][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1b, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 12111-21102                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2e.
5  [_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [*][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 4a.
1  [_][*][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 6d.
                       R7. Capture 6c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 12112-10021                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [_][X][X][*][_]     R5. Capture 2a.
1  [_][*][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 6a.
                       R7. Capture 6b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 12112-11011                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [*][_][*][*][X]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 3d.
1  [_][*][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 1c.
                       R7. Capture 2b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 12121                                                 Rotations: 5/5
----------------                                                      Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][*][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 5b.
2  [*][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 3e, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 12211                                                 Rotations: 6/6
----------------                                                      Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
5  [X][_][_][_][*]     R2. Bomb.
4  [X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
3  [_][*][_][*][X]     R4. Capture 3d.
2  [_][_][_][_][X]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][*][*][_][_]     R6. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 12220                                                 Rotations: 5/5
----------------                                                      Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark front of row e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [X][X][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 2e.
2  [X][*][_][*][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 3c.
1  [_][*][*][*][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 12221-01111                                           Rotations: 6/?
----------------------

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [*][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1e.
3  [X][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 2e.
2  [X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][*][*][*][_]     R6. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 12221-11111                                           Rotations: 6/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 3b.
4  [X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
3  [_][*][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 2e.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a, bomb.
1  [_][*][*][*][_]     R6. Capture 3c.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 12222                                                 Rotations: 6/6
----------------                                                      Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb, mark spot 2b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [X][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4b.
3  [X][X][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 3c.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4c, bomb.
1  [_][*][*][*][*]     R6. Capture 3e.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 20001                                                 Rotations: 8/8
----------------                                                      Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][*][*][X]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 2e.
3  [_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3e, bomb, mark front of row d.
2  [X][X][X][X][_]     R5. Bomb.
1  [*][X][X][X][_]     R6. Bomb.
                       R7. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 6a, bomb.

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 20011                                                 Rotations: 8/8
----------------                                                      Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][*][*][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
3  [_][*][X][X][*]     R4. Capture 2e, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3e.
1  [*][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d.
                       R7. Capture 2d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Bomb.

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 20012                                                 Rotations: 7/8
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][*][_][X]     R3. Capture 1e.
3  [_][_][X][*][_]     R4. Bomb, mark spot 2c.
2  [*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 4c.
                       R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 20100                                                 Rotations: 7/7
----------------                                                      Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
5  [X][X][*][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
4  [_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 2c, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][X][_][X][X]     R6. Wait.
                       R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 20101-10001                                           Rotations: 8/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a.
3  [*][X][*][X][*]     R4. Capture 2e.
2  [_][X][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 3e.
1  [*][X][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 2a.
                       R7. Capture 1c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 3a.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 20101-11020                                           Rotations: 8/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d, mark front of row b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][*][*][*][_]     R3. Capture 2b, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][*][X]     R5. Bomb, then capture 1a.
1  [*][X][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 1c.
                       R7. Capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 3a.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 20102-11011                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1c.
4  [_][*][X][*][_]     R3. Bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, mark spot 1c.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][X][_][X][*]     R6. Bomb.
                       R7. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4c is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 20102-11111                                           Rotations: 8/8
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1c.
4  [_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2c, mark spot 4e.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
1  [*][X][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 6e, mark spot 4d.
                       R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 6d.

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 20110                                                 Rotations: 7/8
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

6  [X][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e, bomb.
5  [_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][*][*]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 6c.
1  [*][X][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 5a, bomb.
                       R7. Capture 6e.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 20111                                                 Rotations: 5/6
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
5  [_][_][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 2d, bomb.
3  [*][*][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 1a.
2  [X][X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 6a.
1  [*][X][_][_][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 20112-00011                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
5  [_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
3  [_][X][_][*][X]     R4. Capture 1c.
2  [X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 3d, mark front of row a.
1  [*][X][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
                       R7. Bomb, capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 20112-11011                                           Rotations: 9/9
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
5  [*][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][X][X][*]     R3. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2e.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 4e.
                       R7. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Bomb, then capture 5a, mark spot 4b.
                       R9. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5b is protected.

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 20120                                                 Rotations: 8/8
----------------                                                      Brilliant

6  [_][*][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][X][X][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
3  [X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a, mark row b.
2  [_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
1  [*][X][_][*][X]     R6. Wait.
                       R7. Capture 3b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Bomb, capture 5e.

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 20121                                                 Rotations: 8/8
----------------                                                      Brilliant

6  [_][X][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 3e.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 4e.
2  [_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
1  [*][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 5a, bomb.
                       R7. Capture 5b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 6a.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 20202-02120                                           Rotations: 8/?
----------------------

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [*][_][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1e.
2  [X][*][_][*][X]     R5. Capture 5c.
1  [*][X][*][X][*]     R6. Capture 6c, bomb.
                       R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Bomb.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 20122-12011                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e, then bomb, mark spot 1c.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][*][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 3c.
1  [*][X][_][*][*]     R6. Capture 3e.
                       R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21000-10012-11021                                     Rotations: 5/?
----------------------------

6  [X][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
2  [_][X][X][_][*]     R5. Bomb.
1  [*][_][X][X][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21000-11012-01021                                     Rotations: 6/?
----------------------------

6  [X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
5  [_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [X][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 4a, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 3b.
1  [*][_][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 5a.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21000-11012-10121                                     Rotations: 7/7
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

6  [*][_][*][_][X]     R1. Capture 2e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3a, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 4a.
2  [_][_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 5a.
1  [*][_][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 6a, bomb.
                       R7. Capture 6c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21000-11021                                          Rotations: 8/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark row d.
4  [*][X][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
2  [_][_][X][*][_]     R5. Capture 4a, mark row e.
1  [*][_][X][X][X]     R6. Wait.
                       R7. Bomb, capture 2e while running down left side and
    a  b  c  d  e          right into the puzzle.
                       R8. Capture 3e.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21000-11022                                           Rotations: 5/5
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][*][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2e.
5  [_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2a.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4a, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][*][*]     R5. Capture 3b, bomb twice.
1  [*][_][X][X][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21000-12002                                         Rotations: 10/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
5  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark front of row e.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][X][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 2e.
2  [_][*][X][X][*]     R5. Capture 3a, mark spot 2b.
1  [*][_][X][X][X]     R6. Wait.
                       R7. Bomb, capture 4b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 4a.
                       R9. Capture 5a.
                       R10. Capture 5b.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21000-12121                                           Rotations: 5/5
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb, mark front of row d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2d.
3  [X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
2  [_][*][_][*][_]     R5. Bomb.
1  [*][_][X][X][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21001-11021                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a, mark front of row d.
5  [_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
4  [*][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 2d.
3  [X][X][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 1e.
2  [_][_][X][*][_]     R5. Capture 2e.
1  [*][_][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 3d.
                       R7. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21001-12101                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb, mark front of row c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][*][*][*]     R3. Capture 2c.
3  [X][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 2e, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][X][_]     R6. Bomb, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21001-12102                                           Rotations: 5/?
----------------------

6  [_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e, mark front of row c.
3  [X][X][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 2c, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][X][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21011-11012-00022                                     Rotations: 8/9
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
5  [*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][X][X][X][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
3  [X][X][X][*][*]     R4. Capture 2e, bomb, mark spot 2a.
2  [_][_][X][_][*]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
                       R7. Bomb, then capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 4e, bomb.

----------------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21011-11012-11111                                     Rotations: 7/7
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e, bomb.
5  [*][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][X][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 4d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4a.
2  [_][_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 5a.
1  [*][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 6d.
                       R7. Capture 6e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21011-11100                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
5  [_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][*][*][X]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb, mark front of row c.
3  [X][*][_][_][X]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 2c.
1  [*][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21011-12022                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [X][X][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 6e.
2  [_][*][X][*][*]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21011-21101                                           Rotations: 8/?
----------------------

6  [X][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 2e.
3  [_][_][X][X][*]     R4. Capture 3e.
2  [*][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 5a.
1  [*][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d, bomb, mark front of row c.
                       R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 2c, bomb.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21012-00011                                           Rotations: 8/8
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [*][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
5  [_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][*][*]     R3. Capture 1e.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b.
2  [X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 4c.
                       R7. Capture 6b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Bomb.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21012-01212                                           Rotations: 7/?
----------------------

6  [_][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
2  [X][_][*][_][*]     R5. Capture 5c, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 6a, bomb.
                       R7. Capture 5e.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21012-11011                                          Rotations: 8/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
5  [*][_][_][X][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][X][X][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1e.
3  [_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 4a, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 5e.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 5a, mark spot 3c.
                       R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 5c.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21012-11111                                           Rotations: 6/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 5a, bomb.
5  [*][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1e.
3  [X][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 3b, bomb, mark row c.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 2c.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21012-11112                                         Rotations: 10/12
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [*][_][*][_][X]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [_][X][X][X][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3c.
2  [_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 3a, mark spot 3c.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]     R6. Wait.
                       R7. Capture 5c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Bomb, capture 4a.
                       R9. Capture 5a.
                       R10. Capture 4e, bomb.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21012-12011                                           Rotations: 5/5
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark row c.
4  [_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Wait.
3  [X][X][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][*][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 3c.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21012-12100                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb, mark front of row c.
5  [_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
3  [X][_][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb, bomb, then capture 1e.
2  [_][*][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 1d.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 3b.
                       R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21012-21111                                         Rotations: 10/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][X][_][X]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2d.
4  [X][_][X][*][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 4d.
2  [*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3e.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 1a.
                       R7. Capture 4e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 5d.
                       R9. Capture 3c, mark spot 3a.
                       R10. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4a is protected.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21012-21121                                           Rotations: 7/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb, mark front of row c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
3  [X][X][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 3c.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 3d, re-mark spot 3d.
                       R7. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4d is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 21020                                                 Rotations: 7/7
----------------                                                      Brilliant

6  [*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [X][X][*][_][*]     R3. Bomb, mark spot 3a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][*][X]     R6. Capture 6a, bomb.
                       R7. Capture 5c.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 21021                                                 Rotations: 7/7
----------------                                                      Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [X][*][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, mark spot 4d.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][*][_][*]     R5. Capture 6d, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][*][_]     R6. Capture 5e.
                       R7. Capture 6e.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 21100                                                 Rotations: 8/9
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

6  [X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 5c, mark row 3.
5  [_][_][*][X][X]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][*][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2e.
3  [*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1a.
2  [_][_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
1  [*][_][_][X][X]     R6. Wait.
                       R7. Bomb, bomb, capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 1b.

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 21101                                                Rotations: 8/10
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
5  [*][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 4a.
2  [_][_][X][X][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 5a.
1  [*][_][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 1e.
                       R7. Capture 2e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 3e.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21102-11000                                           Rotations: 8/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 4a.
5  [_][_][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1c.
4  [*][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [X][_][_][X][X]     R4. Bomb, capture 3b, mark spot 1c.
2  [_][_][X][X][X]     R5. Bomb.
1  [*][_][_][X][*]     R6. Bomb 3 times, capture 3c.
                       R7. Capture 1e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 4c.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21102-11021                                           Rotations: 7/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
5  [X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
3  [X][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][*][_]     R5. Capture 3b.
1  [*][_][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 4b.
                       R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21102-11110                                         Rotations: 10/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [X][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
3  [X][_][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 2c.
1  [*][_][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 3b.
                       R7. Bomb, bomb, capture 3c, mark spot 2a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Bomb.
                       R9. Wait.
                       R10. Capture 5a.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21102-11111                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][X][_]     R2. Capture 3a.
4  [X][X][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 1e.
3  [*][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2c, bomb, mark spot 4d.
1  [*][_][_][X][*]     R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5d is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21111-11000                                           Rotations: 6/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
5  [*][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
3  [*][_][*][*][*]     R4. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][X][X][X]     R5. Bomb, then capture 1a.
1  [*][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21111-11002                                           Rotations: 8/?
----------------------

6  [_][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 3c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
3  [*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2e.
2  [_][_][X][X][*]     R5. Capture 1d.
1  [*][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 3c.
                       R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 5c.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21112-11012                                           Rotations: 8/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [*][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 3c.
5  [_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
3  [_][X][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb, mark spot 3a.
2  [_][_][X][_][*]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
                       R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 6a, bomb.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21112-12010                                           Rotations: 5/5
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
3  [X][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
2  [_][*][X][_][X]     R5. Capture 2d, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21112-12112                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [X][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 3d.
2  [_][*][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 4d.
1  [*][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 2c, bomb, bomb.
                       R7. Capture 4b.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21112-21001                                           Rotations: 8/8
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [X][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [X][_][X][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1e.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 5b.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 6b.
2  [*][_][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 2e, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 6d.
                       R7. Capture 1d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 1c.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21121-01121                                           Rotations: 8/8
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b.
3  [X][_][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 3b.
2  [X][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 3e.
                       R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Bomb.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21121-11000                                           Rotations: 8/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 5a.
5  [*][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, capture 1d.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][X][X][X]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 1a, bomb.
                       R7. Capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 4a, bomb.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21121-12111                                           Rotations: 8/8
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 3a.
4  [X][X][_][X][X]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][X][*][_][*]     R4. Capture 1d.
2  [_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
1  [*][_][_][*][_]     R6. Wait.
                       R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 4c, bomb.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21122-11111                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
5  [_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
3  [_][*][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 2c.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4a.
1  [*][_][_][*][*]     R6. Capture 5a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21122-11211                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
5  [X][X][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c, bomb, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 4b.
2  [_][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 4a, mark spot 3c.
1  [*][_][_][*][*]     R6. Wait.
                       R7. Capture 5c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21210-00010                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1b.
3  [X][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1d.
2  [X][X][X][_][X]     R5. Capture 2d, bomb.
1  [*][_][*][_][X]     R6. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21210-11121-00111                                     Rotations: 8/9
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 5a.
5  [*][X][_][_][X]     R2. Wait.
4  [X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2b.
2  [_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][_][*][_][X]     R6. Capture 4b.
                       R7. Capture 5c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Capture 5d.

----------------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21210-11121-12001                                     Rotations: 5/5
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, mark row e.
4  [X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][*][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 2e.
2  [_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 3e, bomb.
1  [*][_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 21210-11211                                           Rotations: 4/?
----------------------

6  [X][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
5  [X][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1a, mark front of row e.
4  [X][_][_][_][X]     R3. Bomb.
3  [_][_][*][_][X]     R4. Capture 2e, bomb.
2  [_][_][*][_][_]
1  [*][_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 21212                                                 Rotations: 1/1
----------------                                                      Brilliant

6  [X][*][_][*][X]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb until clear.
5  [_][_][*][_][_]
4  [_][*][_][*][_]
3  [*][_][*][_][*]
2  [_][*][_][*][_]
1  [*][_][*][_][*]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 22001                                                 Rotations: 8/9
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][*][_][X]     R3. Capture 1e.
3  [X][X][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 2e.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 3d.
1  [*][*][X][X][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 3e.
                       R7. Capture 4d, mark spot 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4e is protected.

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 22012                                                 Rotations: 6/6
----------------                                                      Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1b.
4  [_][_][*][_][X]     R3. Capture 1a, mark spot 3e.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 5e.
1  [*][*][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 4d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 22101                                                 Rotations: 8/8
----------------                                                      Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1e, mark front of row d.
4  [_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
2  [_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 3a, bomb, mark spot 4c.
1  [*][*][_][X][_]     R6. Wait.
                       R7. Capture 6c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R8. Bomb.

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 22111-11101                                           Rotations: 6/?
----------------------

6  [X][X][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 5b.
5  [X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e.
3  [_][_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 3e.
2  [_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 1b.
1  [*][*][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle 22111-21102                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

6  [_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [X][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 2e.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, mark spot 4b.
2  [*][_][_][X][*]     R5. Bomb.
1  [*][*][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 6b.
                       R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x6 Puzzle 22212                                                 Rotations: 5/5
----------------                                                      Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [X][X][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [*][*][*][_][*]     R5. Capture 2e, bomb.
1  [*][*][*][_][*]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x6 Puzzle 22222-11111-00200                                     Rotations: 5/5
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3c.
3  [X][X][*][X][X]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
1  [*][*][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x6 Puzzle 22222-11111-10111                                     Rotations: 6/?
----------------------------

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3a.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][*][*][*][*]     R6. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------</pre><pre id="faqspan-14">5x6 Puzzle 22222-11111-11111                                     Rotations: 5/?
----------------------------

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
1  [*][*][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d  e


-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-
                               3.4 FOURTH STAGE
-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-

   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     3.4.1 FOURTH STAGE, WAVES 1 &amp; 2 - 5x7 PUZZLES
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00001-12102                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [*][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
5  [_][X][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2e.
4  [*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 3e.
2  [_][*][_][X][*]     R6. Bomb, bomb.
1  [X][X][X][X][_]     R7. Capture 5a.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00001-21101                                          Rotations: 11/?
----------------------

7  [_][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 4d, bomb, mark front of row a.
6  [*][X][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
5  [_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][*][*]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2e, mark front of row c.
2  [*][_][_][X][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][X][_]     R7. Capture 2c.
                       R8. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 6a.
                       R10. Capture 6c.
                       R11. Bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00002-21111                                         Rotations: 10/12
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [X][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [_][_][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1e, mark front of row b.
5  [_][_][X][_][X]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 2b, bomb, mark front of row c.
3  [X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2c.
1  [X][X][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 5d, bomb.
                       R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb.
                       R10. Bomb.

----------------------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00002-22222-11111-11111-11111                         Rotations: 9/9
----------------------------------------                              Brilliant

7  [_][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2a, mark front of row c.
6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1e.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][*][*][*][*]     R6. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][X][*]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 7a, bomb.

----------------------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00002-22222-11111-11111-11120                         Rotations: 9/9
----------------------------------------                              Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, mark front of row a.
6  [X][*][_][X][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][*][X]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, mark spot 4e.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][*][*][*][*]     R6. Bomb, capture 6e.
1  [X][X][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 6b.
                       R8. Capture 6c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00010-02111                                           Rotations: 8/8
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [_][_][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 2b, mark row c.
6  [X][X][X][_][*]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 2d, mark row 3.
2  [X][*][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][_][X]     R7. Capture 2e, bomb.
                       R8. Bomb 3 times.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00010-21012                                         Rotations: 11/12
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 3c, mark row e.
6  [_][_][X][_][*]     R2. Wait.
5  [*][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e, mark row a.
4  [_][_][X][_][*]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 2a.
2  [*][_][X][_][*]     R6. Bomb, capture 1d.
1  [X][X][X][_][X]     R7. Bomb, capture 2d.
                       R8. Bomb, capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb, capture 5a.
                       R10. Wait.
                       R11. Bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00010-22212                                          Rotations: 11/?
----------------------

7  [X][X][X][_][X]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, mark front of row e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2e.
3  [X][X][X][_][X]     R5. Capture 2d, mark front of row a.
2  [*][*][*][_][*]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][_][X]     R7. Bomb, then capture 2a, mark front of row c.
                       R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 2c.
                       R10. Capture 3d.
                       R11. Capture 7d.

----------------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00011-12101-11102-11111                               Rotations: 8/9
----------------------------------                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e, mark row b.
6  [*][_][_][*][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Bomb, capture 2b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 2e, quickly run up to mark spot 4a.
2  [_][*][_][X][_]     R6. Wait while running back to the front.
1  [X][X][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 6a.
                       R8. Capture 1d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00011-12101-11102-21121                              Rotations: 8/10
----------------------------------                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
5  [_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e.
4  [*][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 3e.
3  [_][_][_][X][*]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][X][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 1d, run into puzzle.
1  [X][X][X][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 5a.
                       R8. Capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00011-21102                                         Rotations: 11/13
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 4c, mark row a.
6  [_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][X][*][_][*]     R3. Capture 2a.
4  [_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 2e.
2  [*][_][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
1  [X][X][X][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
                       R8. Capture 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 6e.
                       R10. Capture 5a.
                       R11. Bomb, then capture 5c.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00011-21110                                         Rotations: 10/10
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [*][*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [*][*][*][*][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
5  [X][*][*][*][*]     R3. Capture 2d, mark front of row c.
4  [_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 2c.
2  [*][_][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 5b.
1  [X][X][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 1e, re-mark spot 1e.
                       R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 3e, bomb.
                       R10. Capture 3d, bomb, bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00012-02021                                         Rotations: 12/14
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a, mark front of row b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b, mark front of row c.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [*][X][*][_][X]     R5. Wait.
2  [X][*][X][*][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 3c.
1  [X][X][X][_][*]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2e.
                       R10. Wait.
                       R11. Capture 4e.
                       R12. Capture 3d, bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00012-11011                                          Rotations: 10/?
----------------------

7  [_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a, bomb.
6  [_][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, mark front of row c.
5  [_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Bomb.
4  [_][_][X][*][X]     R4. Wait.
3  [*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3c.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 4d.
1  [X][X][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 5b.
                       R8. Capture 5a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 6a.
                       R10. Capture 7a, bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00012-21011                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, mark row a.
5  [_][*][_][_][*]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][X][*][X]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][_][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 3d.
1  [X][X][X][_][*]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb, bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00012-21112                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a, mark front of row b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][*][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b.
4  [_][*][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb, mark front of row c.
3  [_][X][X][X][X]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 2c.
1  [X][X][X][_][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 3a.
                       R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb.

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 00100                                               Rotations: 11/13
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e, mark front of row b.
6  [_][X][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2c, mark front of row a.
2  [*][*][*][*][*]     R6. Bomb.
1  [X][X][_][X][X]     R7. Bomb, then capture 2a, mark spot 5c.
                       R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 7c.
                       R10. Mark spot 5b.
                       R11. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6b is protected.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00102-11121                                         Rotations: 12/12
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [_][_][X][X][_]     R2. Capture 1e, mark front of row b.
5  [_][_][*][X][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2b, bomb.
3  [*][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 3a.
1  [X][X][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 5e.
                       R8. Capture 6e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb, then capture 5c.
                       R10. Capture 4a.
                       R11. Capture 7e.
                       R12. Bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00102-21011                                         Rotations: 11/11
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [*][X][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1e.
5  [X][X][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 3c, re-mark spot 3c.
2  [*][_][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 5c, mark spot 4a.
                       R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 6a.
                       R10. Capture 5d.
                       R11. Bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00110-00100                                           Rotations: 8/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b, mark row e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
5  [_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][*][X][*]     R4. Bomb.
3  [*][*][_][X][X]     R5. Bomb, then capture 4e.
2  [X][X][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 1d.
1  [X][X][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 1c.
                       R8. Capture 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00110-10200                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2c, mark row a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][*][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
4  [X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
3  [X][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1d.
2  [_][X][*][X][X]     R6. Capture 7d.
1  [X][X][_][_][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00110-11022                                         Rotations: 10/10
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [X][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [_][_][X][*][X]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, mark front of row a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a, bomb.
3  [X][_][*][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 6d, mark front of row b.
2  [_][_][X][*][*]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 2b, bomb, mark spot 2a.
                       R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 4a.
                       R10. Capture 1c, bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00110-21012                                         Rotations: 12/12
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a, mark front of row e.
6  [X][X][_][*][_]     R2. Bomb.
5  [_][_][X][X][_]     R3. Capture 2e.
4  [_][_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb, re-mark spot 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 3c.
1  [X][X][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 1d, bomb.
                       R8. Capture 5a, bomb, re-mark spot 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Wait.
                       R10. Capture 7a.
                       R11. Capture 5b, bomb.
                       R12. Capture 5e.

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 00111                                                 Rotations: 7/8
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

7  [_][_][*][_][*]     R1. Capture 2e, bomb, mark front of row a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
5  [_][_][X][*][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb twice, then capture 3a.
3  [*][_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [X][X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 6a.
1  [X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 7a.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00112-00011-12002                                   Rotations: 11/13
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

7  [_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 3e, mark front of row a.
3  [_][*][X][X][*]     R5. Wait.
2  [X][X][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 3a.
                       R8. Capture 4e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 5e.
                       R10. Capture 7b.
                       R11. Capture 7a.

----------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00112-00011-22002                                   Rotations: 12/12
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

7  [_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a, mark front of row b.
6  [_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 3b.
3  [*][*][X][X][*]     R5. Capture 1c.
2  [X][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1e, bomb.
1  [X][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 3e.
                       R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 4e.
                       R10. Capture 5e.
                       R11. Capture 6e.
                       R12. Bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00112-01011                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a, mark front of row b.
6  [X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
5  [_][*][*][*][*]     R3. Capture 2b.
4  [_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 1e.
3  [*][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb, re-mark spot 1c.
2  [X][_][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 3c.
                       R8. Capture 6b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00112-21012                                         Rotations: 11/12
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [_][*][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
5  [_][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
4  [*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 3c, mark spot 1c again.
2  [*][_][X][_][*]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Capture 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 3e.
                       R10. Capture 7d.
                       R11. Capture 5a, bomb.

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 00120                                               Rotations: 10/11
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2a, mark front of row b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b.
4  [_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1d.
3  [X][X][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 1c.
2  [*][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2c, mark front of row e.
1  [X][X][_][*][X]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Bomb, capture 2e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 2d.
                       R10. Capture 3e.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00121-11111                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, mark front of row a.
6  [X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, bomb.
5  [_][X][*][*][*]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 3a, then bomb.
3  [*][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 5a, re-mark spot 5a.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 7a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00121-11112                                           Rotations: 7/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 4a, mark front of row a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
4  [*][_][*][*][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb, mark row b.
3  [X][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 2b, bomb.
1  [X][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 3b, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00121-11211                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb, mark row a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][*][*][*][X]     R4. Capture 3a, then bomb.
3  [*][*][X][X][X]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][*][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [X][X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00121-11212                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb, mark front of row a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, mark front of row b.
4  [X][*][*][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
3  [X][_][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 2b.
2  [_][_][*][_][*]     R6. Capture 3b, bomb.
1  [X][X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 00121-12112                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb, mark front of row b.
6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b.
4  [_][*][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 5a.
2  [_][*][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 5c, re-mark spot 5c.
1  [X][X][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6c is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 00122                                               Rotations: 10/10
----------------                                                      Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb, mark front of row b.
6  [_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 2b, mark front of row a.
4  [_][*][X][X][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [*][_][_][X][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3a.
1  [X][X][_][*][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 3c.
                       R8. Capture 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 4e, bomb.
                       R10. Capture 5e.

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 00200                                                 Rotations: 7/7
----------------                                                      Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [X][*][X][_][X]     R3. Bomb.
4  [*][_][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5b.
2  [_][*][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 5d.
1  [X][X][*][X][X]     R7. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 01000-02112-00011                                    Rotations: 9/10
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

7  [X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b, mark front of row e.
6  [_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 2e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb, mark front of row c.
3  [X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [X][*][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 2c.
1  [X][_][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 5e, mark spot 4e.
                       R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6e is protected.

----------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 01000-02112-20011                                   Rotations: 11/11
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][*][X]     R3. Capture 2b, mark front of row c.
4  [_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [*][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 2c.
2  [X][*][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 5d, mark front of row a.
1  [X][_][X][X][X]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 3a, mark spot 2c.
                       R10. Wait.
                       R11. Bomb, then capture 4c.

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 01010                                                 Rotations: 8/?
----------------

7  [X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, mark spot 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [X][*][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, bomb, then capture 3b, mark front of row a.
2  [_][X][X][*][*]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][_][X][_][X]     R7. Capture 2a, bomb.
                       R8. Capture 7b.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 01012-10111                                         Rotations: 10/12
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb, mark front of row a.
4  [_][*][_][_][X]     R4. Wait.
3  [*][X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 2a, mark front of row c.
2  [_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [X][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 2c.
                       R8. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 4c.
                       R10. Capture 5c.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 01012-11010                                          Rotations: 10/?
----------------------

7  [_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
4  [*][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2b.
3  [X][X][X][*][*]     R5. Bomb, capture 1d, mark spot 2a.
2  [_][_][X][_][X]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 4a, mark spot 2b.
                       R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 4b.
                       R10. Bomb, capture 2d.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 01012-21111                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [X][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [*][_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 4e, mark front of row c.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2c, bomb.
1  [X][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 2b, mark spot 2c.
                       R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 4c.

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 01020                                                 Rotations: 7/7
----------------                                                      Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
6  [_][*][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
5  [X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [_][*][*][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [X][_][X][*][X]     R7. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 01100                                                Rotations: 9/10
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

7  [_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
5  [_][*][X][_][X]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 2c, mark front of row e.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][X][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb, bomb, then capture 2e.
1  [X][_][_][X][X]     R7. Bomb.
                       R8. Mark spot 4e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5e is protected.

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 01110                                               Rotations: 10/10
----------------                                                      Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c, mark front of row a.
6  [_][X][X][_][X]     R2. Wait.
5  [*][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb, mark front of row e.
3  [_][*][_][*][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][X][*][X][_]     R6. Capture 2e.
1  [X][_][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 1c, bomb.
                       R8. Capture 1d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 6a.
                       R10. Capture 6d.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 01121-10211                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
5  [*][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1b, mark spot 2e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
3  [X][*][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 2e.
2  [_][X][*][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 6d.
1  [X][_][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 01121-11211                                         Rotations: 14/15
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [_][_][X][X][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
5  [*][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 3a, re-mark spot 3a.
4  [X][X][_][X][X]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5a.
2  [_][_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 3e, bomb.
1  [X][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 4c.
                       R8. Capture 5c, mark spot 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Wait.
                       R10. Capture 5d, mark spot 3e.
                       R11. Bomb.
                       R12. Capture 5e.
                       R13. Capture 6e, mark spot 5d.
                       R14. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6d is protected.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 01121-21212                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [X][X][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
5  [X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, mark spot 4a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 6a, bomb.
2  [*][_][*][_][*]     R6. Capture 3e, bomb.
1  [X][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 7c.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 01210                                                 Rotations: 8/9
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

7  [_][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
6  [X][X][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1b.
5  [*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2c, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][*][_]     R5. Bomb, mark spot 5d.
2  [X][X][_][X][X]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][_][*][_][X]     R7. Capture 7d.
                       R8. Capture 6c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 02000                                                 Rotations: 7/8
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

7  [X][X][X][_][X]     R1. Capture 2d.
6  [X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, mark front of row e.
5  [X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2e.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5b, bomb.
2  [*][*][*][*][*]     R6. Capture 6b.
1  [X][*][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 7d.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 02020                                                 Rotations: 6/6
----------------                                                      Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, mark front of row a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [*][_][_][_][*]     R5. Wait.
2  [X][*][*][*][X]     R6. Bomb, then capture 3a.
1  [X][*][X][*][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 02101                                                 Rotations: 8/?
----------------

7  [_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2d.
6  [_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1b.
5  [_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 2e, bomb.
3  [*][_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3d.
1  [X][*][_][X][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 4d, mark spot 4c.
                       R8. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 5c is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 02120                                                Rotations: 10/?
----------------

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, mark front of row a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a, mark front of row e.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][_][*][_][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 2e.
1  [X][*][_][*][X]     R7. Bomb, then capture 2c.
                       R8. Capture 2b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 7d.
                       R10. Capture 7e.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 10000-12222                                         Rotations: 10/11
----------------------

7  [X][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark front of row c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2c, mark front of row b.
3  [X][_][X][X][X]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][*][*][*][*]     R6. Capture 2b.
1  [_][X][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 2a, mark front of row e.
                       R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb, then capture 2e.
                       R10. Capture 3b.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 10000-20112                                           Rotations: 8/8
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2a, mark front of row c.
4  [_][_][X][_][*]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 2c, mark spot 5b.
2  [*][X][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
1  [_][X][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 7b.
                       R8. Capture 3c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 10010-11102                                         Rotations: 14/14
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [X][*][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb, mark row b.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [X][X][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 2b, mark row c.
2  [_][_][_][X][*]     R6. Wait.
1  [_][X][X][_][X]     R7. Capture 2c.
                       R8. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 1d, mark spot 2a.
                       R10. Wait.
                       R11. Bomb, capture 4a, mark spot 2b.
                       R12. Wait.
                       R13. Bomb, capture 4b.
                       R14. Capture 6e.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 10010-21001                                          Rotations: 9/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][X][_][X]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, bomb, then capture 2a, mark front of row e.
4  [_][*][_][*][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [X][_][*][_][X]     R5. Capture 2e.
2  [*][_][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 1d, mark front of row b.
1  [_][X][X][_][X]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Capture 2b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 7d.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 10011-21101                                          Rotations: 11/?
----------------------

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
3  [_][_][X][X][*]     R5. Capture 2e, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 3e.
1  [_][X][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 1d, mark front of row b.
                       R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 2b, mark spot 2c.
                       R10. Wait.
                       R11. Bomb, capture 4c.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 10011-21112                                         Rotations: 12/13
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [X][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
4  [_][*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 1e.
2  [*][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 2e.
1  [_][X][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 2d.
                       R8. Capture 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 3c, bomb.
                       R10. Capture 5b, bomb, mark spot 4a.
                       R11. Wait.
                       R12. Capture 6a.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 10012-01111                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [*][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 1e, mark front of row c.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Bomb.
3  [*][*][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 2c, mark front of row b.
2  [X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [_][X][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 2b.
                       R8. Bomb, capture 4e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 7a, bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 10012-02111                                         Rotations: 12/13
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b, mark front of row c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2c.
4  [_][_][*][_][X]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
3  [*][X][_][X][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
2  [X][*][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [_][X][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 3a.
                       R8. Capture 3e, re-mark spot 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Wait.
                       R10. Bomb, then capture 5e.
                       R11. Capture 3c, bomb.
                       R12. Capture 7c.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 10012-11012                                         Rotations: 12/14
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
5  [_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [*][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 3a, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 4a, mark row b.
1  [_][X][X][_][*]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Capture 2b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 3b.
                       R10. Capture 4c, bomb.
                       R11. Capture 3e.
                       R12. Capture 7d, bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 10012-12100                                         Rotations: 10/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [X][*][_][X][X]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1e.
5  [X][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Bomb, mark spot 4b.
2  [_][*][_][X][X]     R6. Bomb.
1  [_][X][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 6b.
                       R8. Capture 6c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb.
                       R10. Bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 10012-21121                                         Rotations: 10/10
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb, mark front of row c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][*][X][X]     R3. Capture 2c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
3  [_][*][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 2a.
2  [*][_][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 3e.
1  [_][X][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 4e, mark spot 2d.
                       R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 4d.
                       R10. Bomb.

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 10100                                                 Rotations: 7/8
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

7  [X][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
5  [*][_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a, mark spot 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [*][_][X][X][*]     R6. Capture 3c.
1  [_][X][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 5a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 10102-00110                                         Rotations: 10/12
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
5  [_][_][X][_][*]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
3  [*][X][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c.
2  [X][X][_][_][X]     R6. Bomb, bomb, then capture 1e.
1  [_][X][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 2c, mark front of row d.
                       R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb, capture 2d, mark spot 5d.
                       R10. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6d is protected.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 10102-11121                                           Rotations: 8/8
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1e, mark front of row b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][*][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2b, bomb.
4  [X][X][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a.
2  [_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 1c.
1  [_][X][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 3b, bomb.
                       R8. Capture 5e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 10102-20110                                          Rotations: 10/?
----------------------

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
3  [_][*][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 2c, bomb.
2  [*][X][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 1e, mark spot 2c.
1  [_][X][_][X][*]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Capture 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb, mark spot 4c.
                       R10. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5c is protected.

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 10111                                                 Rotations: 7/7
----------------                                                      Brilliant

7  [_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d, bomb.
6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, re-mark spot 1a.
5  [_][_][_][X][*]     R3. Wait.
4  [X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
3  [*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5e.
2  [X][_][*][*][*]     R6. Capture 5c.
1  [_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 10112-01011                                         Rotations: 11/12
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
6  [_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1e.
5  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb, mark front of row b.
3  [*][_][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [X][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 2b.
1  [_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 1d, bomb.
                       R8. Capture 5d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 5e.
                       R10. Capture 6a.
                       R11. Capture 7a.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 10112-20011                                         Rotations: 11/11
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4e.
6  [X][X][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2a.
3  [_][*][_][X][X]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 5a.
1  [_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb.
                       R8. Capture 7a, mark spot 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb.
                       R10. Capture 4d.
                       R11. Capture 5e.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 10112-21111                                         Rotations: 10/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 2a.
4  [_][*][*][X][_]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 2e.
2  [*][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Bomb, then capture 5e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 2c.
                       R10. Capture 7a, bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 10121-01111                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [*][*][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [X][X][*][X][X]     R4. Capture 4c, mark spot 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Wait.
2  [X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3a, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 3b, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 10121-11111                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][*][_][X]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][*][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 2a.
3  [*][X][*][_][*]     R5. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4d.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 5d, bomb.
                       R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 10121-20111                                           Rotations: 7/?
----------------------

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
6  [_][*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 4e.
4  [_][_][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 10122-01111                                           Rotations: 8/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, mark spot 2c.
4  [X][*][*][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][X][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 4c, mark spot 1c.
2  [X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*][*]     R7. Capture 3a.
                       R8. Capture 6e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 10122-11111                                           Rotations: 8/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
5  [*][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1a, mark spot 2b.
4  [X][*][X][*][_]     R4. Bomb.
3  [_][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 4b.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2a.
1  [_][X][_][*][*]     R7. Capture 3a, bomb.
                       R8. Capture 5d.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 10122-20111                                           Rotations: 7/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
6  [X][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][*][*][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][X][_][*]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][X][X]     R5. Bomb.
2  [*][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, mark spot 5a.
1  [_][X][_][*][*]     R7. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 6a is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 10210                                                 Rotations: 8/8
----------------                                                      Brilliant

7  [_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, mark front of row e.
6  [_][_][_][X][*]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e.
4  [*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 2c, bomb.
2  [X][X][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 6e.
1  [_][X][*][_][X]     R7. Capture 6c.
                       R8. Capture 1a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 10211                                               Rotations: 11/12
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
6  [_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2d.
4  [_][*][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1a.
3  [*][X][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 1e.
2  [X][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 2e.
1  [_][X][*][_][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 1c.
                       R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 2c.
                       R10. Capture 3c.
                       R11. Bomb.

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 10222                                               Rotations: 10/11
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
4  [X][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
3  [*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a.
2  [_][_][X][X][X]     R6. Bomb, then capture 3a, mark front of row e.
1  [_][X][*][*][*]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Capture 3e, mark front of row b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb.
                       R10. Capture 2b.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 11000-02221                                           Rotations: 5/5
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, mark front of row e.
4  [_][*][_][*][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [X][_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 2e, bomb.
2  [X][*][*][*][_]
1  [_][_][X][X][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 11000-12122                                          Rotations: 8/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [*][X][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 2b.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [_][*][_][*][*]     R6. Capture 5a.
1  [_][_][X][X][X]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 11001                                               Rotations: 11/11
----------------                                                      Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [X][_][_][*][*]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [*][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
2  [_][X][*][X][X]     R6. Bomb, then capture 4a, mark spot 1e.
1  [_][_][X][X][_]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Capture 3e, re-mark spot 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb.
                       R10. Capture 5e.
                       R11. Capture 1b, bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 11002-10121                                         Rotations: 10/12
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 3b.
6  [_][_][_][*][X]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][*][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1a.</pre><pre id="faqspan-15">4  [*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a, bomb, re-mark spot 2a.
3  [X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 4a, mark spot 4d.
1  [_][_][X][X][*]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Bomb, then capture 6d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 1b.
                       R10. Capture 4b, bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 11002-20011                                          Rotations: 10/?
----------------------

7  [_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][X][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][*][X][_][X]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1b.
2  [*][X][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 5d.
1  [_][_][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 6a, mark spot 4e.
                       R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb, then capture 6e.
                       R10. Bomb, bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 11002-21010                                           Rotations: 8/8
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4a, mark front of row d.
4  [*][X][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][*][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 2d, bomb, mark front of row c.
2  [*][_][X][_][X]     R6. Wait.
1  [_][_][X][X][*]     R7. Bomb.
                       R8. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 11011-00221                                         Rotations: 10/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
6  [X][X][X][*][X]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
5  [_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1b.
2  [X][X][*][*][_]     R6. Capture 1e, bomb.
1  [_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 6d.
                       R8. Capture 5e, mark spot 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb.
                       R10. Capture 7a.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 11011-01101                                         Rotations: 15/16
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
5  [_][_][_][*][X]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
3  [*][X][*][_][X]     R5. Capture 1b.
2  [X][_][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 2b, bomb.
1  [_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 3c.
                       R8. Capture 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 1e.
                       R10. Bomb, capture 2e, re-mark spot 2e.
                       R11. Wait.
                       R12. Bomb, capture 4e, mark spot 1d.
                       R13. Wait.
                       R14. Capture 3d.
                       R15. Capture 4d.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 11011-10020                                         Rotations: 11/12
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
6  [_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
4  [_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b, re-mark spot 1b.
3  [X][_][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb.
2  [_][X][X][*][X]     R6. Capture 3b.
1  [_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 4b.
                       R8. Capture 1a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 2a.
                       R10. Capture 1e, bomb.
                       R11. Capture 6d.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 11011-10120                                         Rotations: 13/14
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
3  [*][_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 2a.
2  [_][X][_][*][X]     R6. Bomb, then capture 3a.
1  [_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 1e, re-mark spot 1e.
                       R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb, then capture 3e.
                       R10. Capture 1b, bomb, re-mark spot 1b.
                       R11. Wait.
                       R12. Capture 3b.
                       R13. Capture 4a.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 11011-20210                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [*][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb 3 times, then capture 2a, mark spot 1e.
3  [_][_][X][X][*]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][X][*][_][X]     R6. Bomb, then capture 3e.
1  [_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 1d.
                       R8. Capture 2d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 1b, bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 11012-01011                                         Rotations: 15/17
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][X][_]     R3. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
4  [*][X][*][_][*]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 3a.
2  [X][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1b.
1  [_][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 2b.
                       R8. Capture 3b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 4c.
                       R10. Capture 4a, mark spot 2e.
                       R11. Wait.
                       R12. Bomb, then capture 4e, mark spot 2d.
                       R13. Wait.
                       R14. Capture 4d.
                       R15. Capture 5e, bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 11012-10112                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, bomb.
5  [_][*][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
3  [*][X][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 3a.
2  [_][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 1b.
1  [_][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 4e, bomb, bomb.
                       R8. Capture 5e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 6e.

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 11020                                               Rotations: 10/11
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
6  [_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [_][*][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [_][X][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb, re-mark spot 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3b, mark spot 3b.
1  [_][_][X][*][X]     R7. Bomb.
                       R8. Bomb, then capture 5b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 4a.
                       R10. Bomb.

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 11022                                                 Rotations: 7/7
----------------                                                      Brilliant

7  [_][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [*][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][X][*][_][*]     R4. Capture 2a.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
2  [_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4a.
1  [_][_][X][*][*]     R7. Bomb until clear.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 11101                                                Rotations: 12/?
----------------

7  [_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
6  [_][*][X][_][X]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2e.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
3  [*][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [X][X][X][X][*]     R6. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
1  [_][_][_][X][_]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb.
                       R10. Capture 5c.
                       R11. Capture 6b, mark spot 5c.
                       R12. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6c is protected.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 11102-00111                                         Rotations: 10/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
6  [_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][*][X][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1b.
3  [_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 1c.
2  [X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2c.
1  [_][_][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 6a.
                       R8. Bomb, capture 7a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 6c.
                       R10. Capture 5e.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 11102-21011                                          Rotations: 9/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [X][X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [*][_][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [*][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1b, mark spot 3c.
1  [_][_][_][X][*]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Capture 5c, bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 6e.

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 11111                                                 Rotations: 7/?
----------------

7  [X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][*][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 2a, bomb.
3  [*][X][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb, then capture 3a.
2  [_][X][_][*][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 11112-02011                                          Rotations: 10/?
----------------------

7  [*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [_][_][X][*][X]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c, mark spot 3d.
2  [X][*][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 5d.
                       R8. Capture 6d, mark spot 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Wait.
                       R10. Capture 5e, bomb.

----------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 11112-20011-11101                                   Rotations: 12/13
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

7  [_][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [*][_][X][_][X]     R3. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [*][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1b.
1  [_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 3e.
                       R8. Bomb, capture 4e, mark spot 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb.
                       R10. Bomb, bomb, capture 4d.
                       R11. Capture 4c.
                       R12. Capture 5d.

----------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 11112-20011-11102                                     Rotations: 9/9
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

7  [_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [_][X][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 3e.
5  [_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 1b.
2  [*][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1c, bomb, re-mark spot 1c.
1  [_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 6a, bomb.

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 11122                                                 Rotations: 8/8
----------------                                                      Brilliant

7  [_][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1c.
5  [X][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4a, mark spot 3b.
2  [*][_][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [_][_][_][*][*]     R7. Capture 5b, bomb.
                       R8. Bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 11210                                                 Rotations: 8/8
----------------                                                      Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, mark front of row e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [X][X][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 2e, bomb.
4  [X][*][*][*][X]     R4. Capture 1d.
3  [X][*][*][*][X]     R5. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][*][_][X]     R7. Capture 2a, bomb.
                       R8. Capture 5c.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 11211-01110                                         Rotations: 10/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
6  [_][*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [X][_][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
3  [_][X][_][X][*]     R5. Bomb.
2  [X][_][_][_][X]     R6. Bomb, capture 3a, mark spot 2b.
1  [_][_][*][_][_]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Capture 4b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 3c.
                       R10. Capture 7e.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 11211-01211                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [X][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1c.
6  [X][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1e, mark spot 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Wait.
3  [*][_][*][_][X]     R5. Bomb, capture 3a.
2  [X][_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 2e.
1  [_][_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 11211-12121                                           Rotations: 5/6
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 4e.
5  [X][*][_][*][_]     R3. Mark spot 3a.
4  [X][X][X][X][_]     R4. Bomb
3  [_][_][*][_][_]     R5. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5a is protected.
2  [_][*][_][*][_]
1  [_][_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 11212                                                 Rotations: 6/7
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

7  [_][*][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 3a.
6  [X][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
5  [X][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [X][X][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
3  [_][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 4c, bomb.
2  [X][_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 4e, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_][*]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 11220                                               Rotations: 10/11
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [X][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 1a.
4  [X][X][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
2  [X][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 3b, mark spot 3a.
1  [_][_][*][*][X]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb, then capture 6a.
                       R10. Bomb.

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 12100                                                Rotations: 9/10
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [X][_][*][X][*]     R3. Capture 3a.
4  [X][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 3c.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5e, mark spot 3c.
2  [_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
1  [_][*][_][X][X]     R7. Bomb, then capture 5c, mark spot 3a.
                       R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 5a is protected.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 12101-21102                                         Rotations: 10/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
6  [_][*][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e, mark spot 2c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [X][X][X][*][_]     R5. Capture 4c, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 5c.
1  [_][*][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 7a.
                       R8. Capture 7b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 6c.
                       R10. Bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 12101-21120                                         Rotations: 10/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3c, mark front of row d.
4  [_][X][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
3  [X][X][_][X][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2d, mark spot 1e.
2  [*][_][_][*][X]     R6. Wait.
1  [_][*][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 3e, mark spot 2a.
                       R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 4a.
                       R10. Bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 12101-21210                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [X][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb, mark front of row d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
4  [_][_][_][*][*]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
3  [X][X][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 3c, bomb.
2  [*][_][*][_][X]     R6. Capture 3d.
1  [_][*][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 7b, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 12111-11110                                         Rotations: 10/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
6  [*][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, re-mark spot 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Bomb.
4  [X][*][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 3e.
3  [_][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d, mark spot 3e.
2  [_][_][_][_][X]     R6. Wait.
1  [_][*][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb 3 times, then capture 5e.
                       R8. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Wait.
                       R10. Bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 12111-11201                                           Rotations: 8/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 5e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 3b.
4  [*][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1d.
3  [X][*][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [_][_][*][X][_]     R6. Capture 2e.
1  [_][*][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 3e, bomb.
                       R8. Capture 7c.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 12112-11100                                           Rotations: 8/8
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
6  [_][_][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][X][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 3b.
3  [X][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 4b, bomb, bomb, mark spot 2a.
2  [_][_][_][X][X]     R6. Bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 4a, bomb, bomb.
                       R8. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 12112-11121                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [X][X][X][_][*]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [*][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
3  [X][X][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 3c, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 7e, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 12222                                                 Rotations: 4/6
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

7  [_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb 3 times.
6  [_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 3a, bomb.
5  [*][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 5a, mark spot 4b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 5b is protected.
3  [*][_][X][*][_]
2  [_][_][_][_][_]
1  [_][*][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 20000-11012                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
5  [X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
3  [_][_][X][*][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][_][*]     R6. Wait.
1  [*][X][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 7e, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 20000-11112                                          Rotations: 8/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [_][*][_][*][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark front of row c.
5  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 2c, bomb, re-mark spot 2c.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 4c.
1  [*][X][X][X][X]     R7. Mark spot 4c.
                       R8. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 5c is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 20000-12012                                         Rotations: 10/10
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][*][*]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Bomb, mark front of row e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 2e.
2  [_][*][X][_][*]     R6. Bomb, mark spot 4d.
1  [*][X][X][X][X]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Capture 6d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 7a, bomb.
                       R10. Capture 7b.

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 20001                                               Rotations: 11/14
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
6  [X][*][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [*][_][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 1e, mark front of row b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 2b, bomb.
2  [X][_][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 2e, mark front of row c.
1  [*][X][X][X][_]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Bomb, capture 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 6b, mark spot 4c.
                       R10. Wait.
                       R11. Capture 6c, bomb.

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 20010                                                Rotations: 9/11
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

7  [_][*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
6  [X][_][*][X][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [_][X][_][_][*]     R3. Bomb, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 5a, bomb 3 times.
3  [_][*][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 5c.
2  [_][_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 6e.
1  [*][X][X][_][X]     R7. Bomb, then capture 6c.
                       R8. Mark spot 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 6a is protected.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 20011-12100                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
6  [X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [*][_][X][*][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][X][*]     R5. Bomb.
2  [_][*][_][X][X]     R6. Bomb, then capture 5a.
1  [*][X][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 5b.
                       R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 20011-12101                                           Rotations: 8/8
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
6  [X][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [X][*][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 2e, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 3e, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 5b.
2  [_][*][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 4e.
1  [*][X][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 1d.
                       R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 20012                                                Rotations: 9/10
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

7  [_][_][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [X][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
4  [_][*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1e.
2  [_][_][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 5b, mark spot 3c.
1  [*][X][X][_][*]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Bomb, capture 5c, mark spot 5c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 6c is protected.

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 20100                                                Rotations: 9/10
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

7  [X][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 2c, mark front of row d.
3  [_][*][_][X][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2d.
1  [*][X][_][X][X]     R7. Bomb, capture 3e.
                       R8. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 7c, bomb, bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 20101-11110                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [X][X][X][*][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a.
4  [_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c, mark front of row d.
3  [_][_][_][X][*]     R5. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 2d.
1  [*][X][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 2c.
                       R8. Bomb, capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 4c.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 20101-12000                                          Rotations: 11/?
----------------------

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
6  [X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][*][X]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][*][X][X]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][X]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][*][X][X][X]     R6. Bomb, mark spot 3d.
1  [*][X][_][X][_]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Capture 5d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 5c, mark spot 5a.
                       R10. Bomb.
                       R11. Capture 7a.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 20101-21011                                         Rotations: 14/16
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [*][_][*][X][*]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 2e, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3e.
2  [*][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 4e, bomb, mark front of row d.
1  [*][X][_][X][_]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 3d, bomb, mark spot 3c.
                       R10. Wait.
                       R11. Capture 5c.
                       R12. Capture 5e.
                       R13. Capture 1c.
                       R14. Capture 6a, bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 20110-00102                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][*][*][_][*]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [X][_][*][_][X]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2c.
2  [X][X][_][X][*]     R6. Bomb, capture 3c, mark spot 5e.
1  [*][X][_][_][X]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Capture 7e, mark spot 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb until clear while Forbidden Qube in 6a is
                           protected.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 20110-12011                                         Rotations: 10/10
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [_][_][X][_][X]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [*][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][*][X]     R5. Capture 1c.
2  [_][*][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 3d.
1  [*][X][_][_][X]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Bomb, then capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 7d.
                       R10. Bomb.

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 20111                                               Rotations: 10/10
----------------                                                      Brilliant

7  [*][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [X][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 2c, bomb, re-mark spot 2c.
1  [*][X][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
                       R8. Capture 4c, bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 5c.
                       R10. Capture 5b.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 20112-11011                                         Rotations: 12/13
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [*][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [X][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [X][_][*][X][*]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 3c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 5c.
1  [*][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 5b.
                       R8. Capture 4e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb, then capture 5e, mark spot 4a.
                       R10. Wait.
                       R11. Bomb.
                       R12. Capture 7a.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 20112-11012                                         Rotations: 11/12
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
5  [*][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 3e.
2  [_][_][X][_][*]     R6. Bomb.
1  [*][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 4c.
                       R8. Capture 5c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 5a.
                       R10. Wait.
                       R11. Bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 20121-11122                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [*][*][*][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
3  [_][_][X][X][X]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][*][*]     R6. Capture 7e.
1  [*][X][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 20121-11212                                           Rotations: 5/5
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [X][_][*][_][X]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][*][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb.
3  [_][_][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 7c, bomb.
2  [_][_][*][_][*]
1  [*][X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21000-02221                                          Rotations: 11/?
----------------------

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c, mark front of row d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d, mark front of row e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 2e.
2  [X][*][*][*][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 1a.
1  [*][_][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 1b.
                       R8. Capture 2b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 3d.
                       R10. Capture 3e.
                       R11. Bomb, capture 7e.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21000-11121                                           Rotations: 8/8
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Bomb, mark front of row d.
5  [_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Wait.
4  [X][X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
3  [*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, bomb, mark spot 5c.
2  [_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 7c.
                       R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21001-11102-12100                                     Rotations: 8/?
----------------------------

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][*][X][_]     R4. Capture 1a, mark spot 2e.
3  [_][*][_][X][X]     R5. Bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 4e.
1  [*][_][X][X][_]     R7. Capture 5a.
                       R8. Capture 6a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21001-11102-20112                                    Rotations: 9/10
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][*][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2e.
3  [*][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 3c.
2  [_][_][_][X][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 3a, mark spot 3c.
1  [*][_][X][X][_]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Capture 5c, bomb, re-mark spot 5c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6c is protected.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21001-11112                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][*][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [*][_][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2e, mark row d.
3  [X][_][X][X][X]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 2d, mark row c.
1  [*][_][X][X][_]     R7. Bomb.
                       R8. Capture 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 3b, bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21002-11010                                         Rotations: 10/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
6  [X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1e, mark front of row d.
5  [_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [*][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_][X]     R6. Bomb, then capture 4a, mark spot 3b.
1  [*][_][X][X][*]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Capture 5b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 5a.
                       R10. Bomb.

----------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21002-11111-11011                                     Rotations: 8/9
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

7  [_][*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
6  [*][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1a, mark front of row c.
5  [_][_][*][X][X]     R3. Bomb.
4  [X][X][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 2c, re-mark spot 2c.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4c.
1  [*][_][X][X][*]     R7. Bomb, then capture 5c, mark spot 4d.
                       R8. Bomb 3 times while Forbidden Qube in 5d is
    a  b  c  d  e          protected.

----------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21002-11111-20011                                   Rotations: 10/11
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [*][_][*][_][X]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 3a, mark spot 2c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [*][X][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, bomb, capture 4c.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1e, mark spot 4c.
1  [*][_][X][X][*]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Bomb, then capture 6c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb.
                       R10. Bomb.

----------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21002-11121-10111                                   Rotations: 11/12
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
6  [_][*][_][X][*]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [*][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4a, mark spot 2b.
2  [_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 4b.
                       R8. Bomb, capture 5e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb, then capture 6e.
                       R10. Capture 5d.
                       R11. Capture 5a, bomb.

----------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21002-11121-20111                                     Rotations: 8/8
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

7  [X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
6  [_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 3a, mark spot 4e.
4  [_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [*][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 6e.
2  [_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 1e.
1  [*][_][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 7b.
                       R8. Capture 7c.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21010-11112-01011                                    Rotations: 12/?
----------------------------

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [X][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark front of row c.
5  [X][_][X][X][X]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][*][*][_]     R4. Capture 2c, re-mark spot 2c.
3  [X][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 4c.
1  [*][_][X][_][X]     R7. Capture 1d.
                       R8. Capture 3b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb, capture 4b, mark spot 2a.
                       R10. Wait.
                       R11. Bomb, capture 4a.
                       R12. Capture 5b.

----------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21010-11112-10111                                     Rotations: 9/9
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

7  [_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [_][_][_][*][X]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][*][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 3a.
4  [*][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 4a, mark front of row c.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 2c, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][X]     R7. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
                       R8. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21010-12112                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark front of row e.
5  [_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Wait.
4  [*][_][*][*][_]     R4. Capture 2e.
3  [_][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 3a, mark spot 4e.
1  [*][_][X][_][X]     R7. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5e is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21011-11100                                         Rotations: 10/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
5  [*][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 4a.
3  [_][_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 5a.
2  [_][_][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 1d, mark row c.
1  [*][_][X][_][_]     R7. Bomb, run up left side and across to pair of blocks.
                       R8. Capture 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 7d.
                       R10. Capture 7e.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21011-11101                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
6  [*][*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, bomb.
5  [X][X][X][*][*]     R3. Capture 2e.
4  [*][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 3e.
3  [_][*][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 4e, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 5e.
1  [*][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 1d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21011-11102                                          Rotations: 9/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][X][_][*]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [*][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2e.
3  [_][_][X][*][_]     R5. Capture 5a.
2  [_][_][_][X][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 6a.
1  [*][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 1b.
                       R8. Bomb, capture 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 7e, bomb.


----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21012-01121                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Bomb, capture 1b.
5  [_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 2b, mark spot 1a.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [X][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 3a.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 7d, mark spot 4c.
                       R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6c is protected.

----------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21012-11011-11101                                   Rotations: 12/14
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [X][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [X][*][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2d.
4  [_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 4d.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 4a, mark spot 3b.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Bomb, then capture 5b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 4c.
                       R10. Capture 3e.
                       R11. Capture 4e, bomb.
                       R12. Capture 5c.

----------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21012-11011-11111                                     Rotations: 9/?
----------------------------

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][_][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [X][X][X][X][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [*][*][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4c.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 4d.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]     R7. Bomb, then capture 4e, mark spot 5d.
                       R8. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5d is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb.

----------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21012-11011-21011                                     Rotations: 4/4
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

7  [X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark spot 3d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, bomb, then capture 4d.
4  [_][*][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb, bomb.
3  [*][_][X][_][_]
2  [_][_][X][_][_]
1  [*][_][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21012-11011-21121                                     Rotations: 4/5
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

7  [_][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
6  [X][_][_][*][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb 3 times.
4  [_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 5a, bomb.
3  [*][_][_][*][_]
2  [_][_][X][_][_]
1  [*][_][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21012-12011                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][X][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3e.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 4a, mark spot 3b.
2  [_][*][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]     R7. Bomb 4 times while Forbidden Qube in 5b is
                           protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 21022                                                 Rotations: 7/8
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [X][*][_][*][*]     R3. Bomb.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4a, mark spot 3b.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][*][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 5b, mark spot 4a.
1  [*][_][X][*][*]     R7. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5a is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21100-11012                                         Rotations: 15/15
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [X][X][*][X][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
5  [_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb, re-mark spot 1c.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3c, mark spot 3b.
2  [_][_][X][_][*]     R6. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 5b.
                       R8. Capture 4c, re-mark spot 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Wait.
                       R10. Bomb, then capture 6c.
                       R11. Capture 4a.
                       R12. Capture 5a, bomb.
                       R13. Capture 5d, bomb.
                       R14. Capture 5e.
                       R15. Capture 6e.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21100-11022                                           Rotations: 8/?
----------------------

7  [_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [_][_][X][X][*]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
5  [*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4a.
2  [_][_][X][*][*]     R6. Capture 6e.
1  [*][_][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 5a.
                       R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21100-11112-10111                                   Rotations: 10/12
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [X][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 1c.
4  [_][*][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 2c.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3c, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 3a, mark spot 2b.
1  [*][_][_][X][X]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Capture 4b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 4a, re-mark spot 4a.
                       R10. Bomb while Forbidden Qube at 5a is protected.

----------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21100-11112-11011                                     Rotations: 9/9
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [_][_][X][_][*]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
5  [_][*][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [*][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 4a.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 2c.
2  [_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb, mark spot 4e.
1  [*][_][_][X][X]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Capture 6e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21100-21022                                          Rotations: 8/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][*][X][_]     R2. Capture 1c, mark front of row e.
5  [_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2e.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a, bomb.
2  [*][_][X][*][*]     R6. Capture 4a.
1  [*][_][_][X][X]     R7. Bomb, mark spot 5d.
                       R8. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 6d is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21101-11012                                         Rotations: 11/13
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][_][*][_][X]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][X][X][_]     R3. Capture 2e.
4  [*][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 4a.
1  [*][_][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 4c, re-mark spot 4c.
                       R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 6c.
                       R10. Capture 5e, bomb.
                       R11. Capture 1c, bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21101-11022                                           Rotations: 8/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [*][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [*][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][*][_][*]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [*][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][X][*][*]     R6. Capture 6e.
1  [*][_][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 6d, bomb.
                       R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21101-12000                                         Rotations: 15/18
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
6  [_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [X][X][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [*][_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 1c, mark spot 1e.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][*][X][X][X]     R6. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 4e.
                       R8. Capture 4b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb.
                       R10. Bomb, then capture 4a, mark spot 1c.
                       R11. Wait.
                       R12. Wait.
                       R13. Capture 4c, mark spot 4a.
                       R14. Wait.
                       R15. Capture 6a.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21102-00011                                           Rotations: 9/9
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 4c.
6  [_][*][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [X][X][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.</pre><pre id="faqspan-16">1  [*][_][_][X][*]     R7. Bomb, then capture 6b.
                       R8. Capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb.

----------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21102-11011-10111                                   Rotations: 12/13
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4b.
6  [_][*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][X][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 1c.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 3c.
1  [*][_][_][X][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 3a.
                       R8. Bomb, capture 4a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb, then capture 5e.
                       R10. Capture 4c.
                       R11. Capture 5c, bomb.
                       R12. Capture 5a.

----------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21102-11011-12111                                   Rotations: 10/12
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [*][X][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5e.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 5d.
1  [*][_][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 4c.
                       R8. Bomb, capture 4b, mark spot 3a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Wait.
                       R10. Capture 5a.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21102-21011                                         Rotations: 10/12
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [_][*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a, bomb, mark spot 3c.
2  [*][_][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 5c.
                       R8. Capture 5e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb, mark spot 5c.
                       R10. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6c is protected.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21111-00121                                         Rotations: 10/10
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, re-mark spot 1b.
5  [_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][X][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 3b, bomb.
3  [_][_][*][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 1a.
2  [X][X][_][*][_]     R6. Mark spot 1a.
1  [*][_][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 4a.
                       R10. Bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21111-11122                                           Rotations: 8/8
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e, bomb.
6  [_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [*][*][X][X][_]     R3. Capture 3a, re-mark spot 3a.
4  [X][X][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 5a.
2  [_][_][_][*][*]     R6. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5e.
                       R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21111-12000                                           Rotations: 9/9
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [X][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, re-mark spot 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 3e.
3  [_][_][*][*][*]     R5. Capture 1d.
2  [_][*][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 7e.
                       R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21111-12012                                         Rotations: 11/11
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 3a.
4  [_][X][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
3  [_][X][*][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][*][X][_][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 3c.
1  [*][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 4e, re-mark spot 4e.
                       R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb.
                       R10. Capture 7e.
                       R11. Capture 4a.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21111-21012                                         Rotations: 10/10
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [_][*][X][*][*]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][X][*][*]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2e.
3  [X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2d.
2  [*][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 1c, bomb, re-mark spot 1c.
1  [*][_][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 3b.
                       R10. Bomb.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21112-11000                                          Rotation: 10/10
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][*][X][X]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1e.
5  [_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
4  [_][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
3  [*][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 4a, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][X][X]     R6. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb.
                       R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb.
                       R10. Bomb.

----------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21112-11011-01100                                   Rotations: 10/11
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2e.
5  [X][*][*][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][*][*]     R4. Capture 4e.
3  [X][_][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1c.
1  [*][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 3b, bomb.
                       R8. Capture 4b, bomb, mark spot 2a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Wait.
                       R10. Capture 4a, bomb.

----------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21112-11011-10121                                     Rotations: 8/8
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, then bomb.
4  [*][X][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 1c.
3  [_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 4a.
1  [*][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 4c.
                       R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21112-11011-11111                                   Rotations: 11/14
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [*][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [X][X][*][X][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1e.
4  [_][X][_][X][X]     R4. Bomb, capture 4c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5c.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 4a, re-mark spot 4a.
1  [*][_][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Bomb, bomb, then capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 1c, mark spot 3e.
                       R10. Bomb.
                       R11. Capture 5e.

----------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21112-11011-12101                                     Rotations: 8/9
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
6  [X][X][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [*][_][*][X][_]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3e, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 4e.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 5e.
1  [*][_][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb, then capture 6e.
                       R8. Capture 1c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21112-11021                                           Rotations: 6/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [X][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
3  [_][_][*][_][_]     R5. Mark spot 5c.
2  [_][_][X][*][_]     R6. Bomb until clear while Forbidden Qube in 6c is
1  [*][_][_][_][*]         protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 21112-21012                                           Rotations: 9/9
----------------------                                                Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][*][X]     R3. Capture 1c.
4  [_][*][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 4e, mark spot 3d.
3  [X][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [*][_][X][_][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 5d.
1  [*][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 3b.
                       R8. Capture 7a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 7b.

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 21121                                               Rotations: 11/12
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

7  [*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
6  [X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a, mark spot 3e.
4  [_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 5e.
2  [X][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 4d, mark spot 5b.
                       R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 7b, mark spot 4c.
                       R10. Bomb.
                       R11. Capture 6c.

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 22000                                               Rotations: 10/10
----------------                                                      Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb, mark row d.
6  [_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d, bomb, mark row e.
4  [*][_][_][X][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][*][X]     R5. Capture 2e.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 3d, mark spot 2e.
1  [*][*][X][X][X]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Capture 4e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 5a.
                       R10. Bomb, bomb.

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 22011                                               Rotations: 10/11
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

7  [_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][_][X][*]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 1e.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2e, bomb, mark spot 3e.
2  [X][X][X][_][*]     R6. Wait.
1  [*][*][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 5e.
                       R8. Capture 6c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 7b.
                       R10. Capture 7a, bomb.

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 22101                                                 Rotations: 8/8
----------------                                                      Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
6  [*][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][X][_][*][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2e.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 5a.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 6a.
1  [*][*][_][X][_]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 22102                                                Rotations: 8/11
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

7  [_][_][X][_][*]     R1. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, bomb, then capture 1e.
5  [_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4a, mark spot 3b.
4  [*][X][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][*][_]     R5. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5b is protected.
2  [_][_][_][X][X]     R6. Wait, clear mark.
1  [*][*][_][X][*]     R7. Bomb.
                       R8. Capture 7e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 22110                                               Rotations: 10/11
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

7  [_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][*][*][*]     R5. Capture 2d.
2  [X][X][X][_][X]     R6. Bomb, capture 3d.
1  [*][*][_][_][X]     R7. Bomb.
                       R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Wait.
                       R10. Bomb.

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 22111                                               Rotations: 12/14
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

7  [X][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 5c.
6  [_][X][X][X][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb, re-mark spot 1e.
4  [_][X][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 3e.
2  [_][_][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [*][*][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 4a.
                       R8. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Bomb, capture 6a, mark spot 3b.
                       R10. Bomb.
                       R11. Bomb, capture 5b.
                       R12. Capture 6e.

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 22121                                                Rotations: 6/10
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

7  [X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, then bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4e.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 5e.
3  [X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 6e.
2  [_][_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 7e, bomb.
1  [*][*][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x7 Puzzle 22201                                                Rotations: 9/10
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
6  [_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
5  [*][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 3a, re-mark spot 3a.
4  [X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][X][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 5a.
2  [_][_][_][_][X]     R6. Bomb, capture 1e.
1  [*][*][*][X][_]     R7. Capture 3c.
                       R8. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 7d, bomb 3 times.

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 22222-00020                                          Rotations: 8/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c.
2  [X][X][X][*][X]     R6. Capture 2d, mark spot 1a.
1  [*][*][*][*][*]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Capture 3a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x7 Puzzle 22222-11111                                           Rotations: 8/?
----------------------

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2e.
1  [*][*][*][*][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 3e.
                       R8. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 22222-22222-02000                                     Rotations: 8/?
----------------------------

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
3  [X][*][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 2e.
2  [*][*][*][*][*]     R6. Capture 3b.
1  [*][*][*][*][*]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 22222-22222-21112                                     Rotations: 3/5
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

7  [*][*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 5c (block behind Forbidden Qube).
6  [*][*][*][*][*]     R2. Bomb.
5  [*][*][*][*][*]     R3. Bomb until all clear.
4  [*][_][X][_][*]
3  [*][_][_][_][*]
2  [*][*][*][*][*]
1  [*][*][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 22222-22222-22221                                     Rotations: 7/7
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 4e, mark spot 3c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [X][X][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 5c.
3  [*][*][*][*][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][*][*][*][*]     R6. Bomb.
1  [*][*][*][*][*]     R7. Capture 6c.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x7 Puzzle 22222-22222-22222                                     Rotations: 1/1
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

7  [*][*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture any Qube, bomb until clear.
6  [*][*][*][*][*]
5  [*][*][*][*][*]
4  [*][*][*][*][*]
3  [*][*][*][*][*]
2  [*][*][*][*][*]
1  [*][*][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d  e


   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     3.4.2 FOURTH STAGE, WAVES 3 &amp; 4 - 5x8 PUZZLES
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 00001-20112                                         Rotations: 11/13
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, mark front of row c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 2c, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 2e, mark front of row d.
3  [X][X][X][_][X]     R6. Wait.
2  [*][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 2d.
1  [X][X][X][X][_]     R8. Capture 3d, bomb.
                       R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb, mark spot 6b.
                       R11. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 7b is protected.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 00001-21122                                         Rotations: 11/12
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [_][_][*][*][X]     R3. Bomb, mark front of row a.
5  [X][_][X][X][X]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a, mark spot 4e.
3  [_][*][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [*][_][_][*][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][X][_]     R8. Capture 7e.
                       R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb.
                       R11. Capture 8e.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 00010-02220                                           Rotations: 6/6
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 5c.
5  [X][X][_][X][X]     R4. Wait.
4  [X][*][*][*][X]     R5. Wait.
3  [X][*][*][*][X]     R6. Bomb.
2  [X][*][*][*][X]
1  [X][X][X][_][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 00010-21012                                          Rotations: 13/?
----------------------

8  [_][_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 2a, mark front of row e.
7  [*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
6  [X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e.
5  [_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][X][*][_]     R5. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][X][X][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 3e.
2  [*][_][X][_][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][_][X]     R8. Bomb.
                       R9. Bomb, capture 8e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 5a, re-mark spot 5a.
                       R11. Wait.
                       R12. Capture 7a.
                       R13. Bomb, capture 8c.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 00010-22211                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, mark front of row e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2e.
4  [_][_][*][*][*]     R5. Capture 2d, bomb.
3  [_][_][*][X][_]     R6. Capture 3e.
2  [*][*][*][_][_]     R7. Capture 4e.
1  [X][X][X][_][X]     R8. Capture 7a, bomb.
                       R9. Capture 8a.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 00011-20010                                         Rotations: 11/11
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, re-mark spot 1e.
6  [_][_][X][*][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 3e.
4  [_][_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [X][X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 2d, bomb.
2  [*][X][X][_][X]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][_][_]     R8. Bomb.
                       R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 7a.
                       R11. Capture 8a.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 00011-21002                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [*][*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2e, mark row b.
5  [_][_][X][_][*]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 2b, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d, bomb until all clear.
2  [*][_][X][X][*]
1  [X][X][X][_][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 00011-21102                                           Rotations: 8/8
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [*][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e, mark front of row c.
5  [_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2c, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][*][_]     R6. Capture 1d.
2  [*][_][_][X][*]     R7. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 5a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 00012-11110                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b, bomb, bomb.
7  [_][*][*][*][*]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1d.
5  [X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5c.
4  [_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Bomb.
3  [*][*][*][_][_]     R6. Bomb, bomb, capture 6d.
2  [_][_][_][_][X]
1  [X][X][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 00012-11121                                          Rotations: 9/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb, mark row c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [*][*][*][*][*]     R5. Capture 2c, mark row b.
3  [*][X][X][X][X]     R6. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 2b, mark row a.
1  [X][X][X][_][*]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Capture 2a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 00012-20112                                         Rotations: 12/14
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2a, mark front of row c.
7  [_][_][X][X][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [*][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 4c.
2  [*][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 3e, bomb, mark spot 4c.
1  [X][X][X][_][*]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Capture 6c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 6a.
                       R11. Capture 7e.
                       R12. Bomb.

----------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 00012-21121-11000                                     Rotations: 8/9
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

8  [_][_][*][_][X]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb, mark front of row a.
7  [X][*][_][X][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, mark front of row c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
4  [_][*][*][*][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 2c.
3  [_][_][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 7b.
2  [*][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 7e, mark spot 6d.
1  [X][X][X][_][*]     R8. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 7d is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 00012-21121-11111                                     Rotations: 7/9
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

8  [*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [_][_][*][*][_]     R3. Bomb.
5  [_][X][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 5a.
4  [_][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 6a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 7a, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 8a, bomb.
1  [X][X][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 00012-22011                                         Rotations: 10/10
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [_][*][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 3e.
5  [_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 4e.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 5e.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 6e, bomb, mark row c.
2  [*][*][X][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][_][*]     R8. Bomb, run around and into puzzle.
                       R9. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 4c.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 00100-02120                                         Rotations: 11/11
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b, mark front of row d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2d, mark front of row e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [*][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 3e.
2  [X][*][_][*][X]     R7. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [X][X][_][X][X]     R8. Capture 2c.
                       R9. Capture 8c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 8d.
                       R11. Capture 8e.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 00100-21101                                          Rotations: 16/?
----------------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e, mark front of row a.
7  [X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][*][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
5  [_][X][X][*][*]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 2c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3c, mark front of row d.
2  [*][_][_][X][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][X][X]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Capture 3d, mark spot 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Wait.
                       R11. Capture 5e, mark front of row e.
                       R12. Bomb.
                       R13. Capture 2e.
                       R14. Bomb, capture 5a.
                       R15. Bomb, capture 6a, re-mark spot 6a.
                       R16. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7a is protected.

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 00101                                               Rotations: 10/11
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2b.
7  [_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e.
5  [*][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 3e.
4  [_][_][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 4e, mark row d.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [*][*][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 2d.
1  [X][X][_][X][_]     R8. Capture 1c.
                       R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb, then capture 5a.

----------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 00112-21011-11021                                    Rotations: 9/10
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [_][_][X][_][X]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1e.
6  [*][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
5  [X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, mark spot 4a.
3  [_][_][X][*][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [*][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 6a.
1  [X][X][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 5b, bomb.
                       R9. Capture 7d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 00112-21011-12211                                     Rotations: 8/9
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 4e.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 5e.
3  [_][*][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 6a.
2  [*][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 7a, bomb.
1  [X][X][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 8a.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 00112-21012-11001                                   Rotations: 12/13
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
7  [*][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, mark front of row a.
6  [X][_][*][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 3e, mark spot 4c.
2  [*][_][X][_][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 6c.
                       R9. Capture 5a, bomb, re-mark spot 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb.
                       R11. Capture 7a.
                       R12. Capture 5b, bomb.

----------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 00112-21012-11101                                   Rotations: 12/14
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

8  [*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
6  [_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1e, bomb again, mark spot 1c.
5  [*][_][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][*][_]     R5. Capture 3c.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 3e, mark front of row b.
2  [*][_][X][_][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 2b.
                       R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 7a.
                       R11. Capture 8a.
                       R12. Bomb.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 00112-21121                                           Rotations: 7/8
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2e.
7  [_][*][*][*][*]     R2. Wait.
6  [*][_][*][*][*]     R3. Capture 4e, mark front of row a.
5  [*][_][X][X][X]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][X][*]     R5. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][X][X][X]     R6. Bomb, capture 1c.
2  [*][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 2c, bomb until clear.
1  [X][X][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 00121-00112                                          Rotations: 12/?
----------------------

8  [_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
7  [X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 4e.
5  [_][_][*][X][*]     R4. Capture 5e, mark spot 2c.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [*][_][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [X][X][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb, then capture 5c, mark spot 2c again.
1  [X][X][_][*][_]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Capture 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 6b.
                       R11. Bomb, capture 6a.
                       R12. Bomb.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 00121-11212                                         Rotations: 10/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][*][_][X]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, mark front of row b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 2b, mark spot 2a.
4  [*][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [X][_][X][X][_]     R6. Bomb, bomb, then capture 4a.
2  [_][_][*][_][*]     R7. Capture 3b.
1  [X][X][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 3e, bomb.
                       R9. Capture 8c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 8a, bomb.

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 00122                                                Rotations: 9/11
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
6  [X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 3c.
5  [*][X][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 4c.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 5a.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 5c.
2  [*][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 3e.
1  [X][X][_][*][*]     R8. Capture 4e, bomb.
                       R9. Bomb, then capture 5e.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 00200                                                 Rotations: 8/?
----------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, mark front of row a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [X][*][X][X][X]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2a.
5  [*][_][*][*][*]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, mark front of row e.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [*][*][*][*][*]     R7. Capture 2e.
1  [X][X][*][X][X]     R8. Bomb, then capture 6b.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 00222                                               Rotations: 11/13
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

8  [_][*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [_][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, mark front of row b.
6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 1e, mark spot 4c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [*][*][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][X][*][*][*]     R8. Capture 7c.
                       R9. Capture 7a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb.
                       R11. Bomb, then capture 1c.

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 01000                                               Rotations: 15/15
----------------                                                      Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e, mark front of row a.
7  [X][_][X][*][*]     R2. Bomb.
6  [*][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2b, mark front of row c.
3  [X][X][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 2c, mark spot 4e.
1  [X][_][X][X][X]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 7e, mark spot 2c.
                       R11. Bomb.
                       R12. Capture 4c.
                       R13. Capture 7b, bomb, mark spot 4c.
                       R14. Wait.
                       R15. Capture 6c.

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 01010                                                 Rotations: 7/7
----------------                                                      Brilliant

8  [_][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [X][X][X][*][X]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
6  [X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 7d, mark spot 6b.
4  [X][_][*][*][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [X][X][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 8b.
2  [X][X][X][_][*]     R7. Bomb.
1  [X][_][X][_][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 01012                                               Rotations: 11/11
----------------                                                      Brilliant

8  [_][*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [X][X][X][X][_]     R2. Capture 1b, mark front of row c.
6  [_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2b.
3  [X][_][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 3b.
2  [*][_][*][*][_]     R7. Capture 1e, then bomb.
1  [X][_][X][_][*]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb.
                       R11. Capture 7e, bomb.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 01020-01211                                          Rotations: 9/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
7  [X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
5  [X][X][X][*][X]     R4. Bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 5d, mark spot 4b.
3  [X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [X][_][*][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 6b, mark spot 4a.
1  [X][_][X][*][X]     R8. Bomb.
                       R9. Bomb, capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 01020-11111                                           Rotations: 8/8
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
6  [*][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][X][*][X]     R4. Capture 2b, bomb, mark spot 2a.
4  [_][X][*][_][*]     R5. Wait.
3  [X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4a.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [X][_][X][*][X]     R8. Bomb, bomb, then capture 5d.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 01022                                                Rotations: 10/?
----------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
7  [*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
5  [X][_][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 5c, mark spot 1b.
4  [X][X][_][_][*]     R5. Wait.
3  [X][*][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 3b.
2  [X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Mark spot 3b.
1  [X][_][X][*][*]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Capture 5b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb, bomb.

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 01100                                                 Rotations: 7/9
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [*][*][*][*][*]     R2. Bomb, bomb, capture 1c.
6  [_][X][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 5e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5a.
3  [*][*][*][*][*]     R6. Capture 6a.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [X][_][_][X][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 01210                                                 Rotations: 6/?
----------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
7  [_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Bomb 3 times, mark spot 5e.
6  [X][X][*][X][X]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 7e.
4  [*][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 5c, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 6c.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]
1  [X][_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 01221                                               Rotations: 14/14
----------------                                                      Brilliant

8  [_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
7  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb, mark spot 2d.
6  [_][*][X][*][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 4d.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3e, mark row a.
3  [X][X][X][X][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 2a, mark spot 2c.
1  [X][_][*][*][_]     R7. Wait.
                       R8. Capture 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R9. Capture 4e.
                       R10. Capture 5d.
                       R11. Bomb.
                       R12. Wait.
                       R13. Wait.
                       R14. Bomb.

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 02000                                                 Rotations: 7/8
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, mark front of row d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2d.
5  [X][X][*][X][X]     R4. Bomb, mark spot 4a.
4  [_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 6a.
2  [*][_][*][*][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 5c.
1  [X][*][X][X][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 02012-11111                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4d.
5  [X][X][*][X][X]     R4. Bomb, then capture 4e.
4  [_][*][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 5c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [X][*][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 02102                                                 Rotations: 9/9
----------------                                                      Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
6  [X][_][_][*][X]     R3. Bomb, bomb, then capture 1e.
5  [*][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 6c.
3  [_][_][*][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 5a.
2  [_][_][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 6d, mark spot 4b.
1  [X][*][_][X][*]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Bomb, capture 6b.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 02120                                                 Rotations: 8/8
----------------                                                      Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c, bomb, mark front of row a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, mark front of row e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [*][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 2e, bomb.
3  [X][_][*][_][X]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][*][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][*][_][*][X]     R8. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 10000                                               Rotations: 12/12
----------------                                                      Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, mark front of row b.
5  [*][_][*][*][X]     R4. Wait.
4  [X][*][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 2b, bomb, re-mark spot 2b.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 4b.
1  [_][X][X][X][X]     R8. Capture 3a, mark front of row c.
                       R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 2c.
                       R11. Capture 3c, bomb.
                       R12. capture 5d.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10001-10012                                          Rotations: 8/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [X][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 3b.
7  [_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, bomb, then capture 2e.
4  [_][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a, bomb.
3  [_][*][X][*][_]     R6. Capture 3a.
2  [_][X][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 4a, bomb.
1  [_][X][X][X][_]     R8. Capture 7e, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10001-20202                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2e, mark front of row c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][*][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2c.
3  [_][*][X][*][_]     R6. Capture 1a.
2  [*][X][*][X][*]     R7. Capture 7a.
1  [_][X][X][X][_]     R8. Capture 8a.
                       R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10002-00111                                          Rotations: 9/12
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
5  [_][_][*][X][X]     R4. Bomb.
4  [_][X][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 1a, mark front of row c.
3  [_][*][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 2c.
1  [_][X][X][X][*]     R8. Capture 3c.
                       R9. Capture 4a.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10002-02221                                          Rotations: 7/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1e.
6  [X][X][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1e.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 6c.
2  [X][*][*][*][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [_][X][X][X][*]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10002-11121                                         Rotations: 11/11
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][X][*][X]     R4. Capture 2a.
4  [*][X][*][_][_]     R5. Bomb, mark spot 2a.
3  [X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 4a.
1  [_][X][X][X][*]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Bomb, then capture 5d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 8a.
                       R11. Bomb.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10002-21111                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 1e.
5  [X][*][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][*][*]     R5. Bomb.
3  [_][_][*][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5b.
1  [_][X][X][X][*]     R8. Capture 5e.
                       R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10011-11102-01220                                    Rotations: 14/?
----------------------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e.
5  [_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
4  [*][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a.
3  [X][_][*][*][X]     R6. Capture 1d, mark spot 2a.
2  [_][_][_][X][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [_][X][X][_][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 4a, mark spot 1d.
                       R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb, then capture 3d, mark front of row b.
                       R11. Wait.
                       R12. Capture 2b, bomb.
                       R13. Capture 3b.
                       R14. Capture 3c.

----------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10011-11102-20111                                   Rotations: 13/14
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

8  [X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
7  [_][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 2e.
5  [_][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a, bomb.
3  [*][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3a, mark front of row c.
2  [_][_][_][X][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [_][X][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 2c, bomb.
                       R9. Capture 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 3c, bomb.
                       R11. Capture 4c.
                       R12. Capture 7a.
                       R13. Capture 6e, bomb.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10012-00111                                         Rotations: 11/12
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
7  [X][X][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, re-mark spot 1a.
5  [_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 3a, mark front of row c.
3  [_][*][X][_][*]     R6. Wait.
2  [X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 2c, bomb.
1  [_][X][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 4e.
                       R9. Capture 5e, bomb, mark spot 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb.
                       R11. Capture 8a.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10012-01012                                         Rotations: 10/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [X][X][X][_][X]     R1. Capture 3b, mark front of row b.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][*][*]     R4. Capture 1a.
4  [*][_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 1e, bomb.
3  [X][*][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 3d.
2  [X][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 4d.
1  [_][X][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 5d.
                       R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 8d.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10012-01111                                         Rotations: 16/17
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [X][*][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [X][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 3c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
4  [X][_][_][_][X]     R5. Bomb.
3  [_][_][*][X][_]     R6. Capture 3a, mark front of row b.
2  [X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [_][X][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 2b, bomb.
                       R9. Capture 3e, re-mark spot 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Wait.
                       R11. Capture 5e.
                       R12. Capture 3b.
                       R13. Capture 7b, mark spot 3a.
                       R14. Wait.
                       R15. Capture 5b, bomb.
                       R16. Capture 6e.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10012-02012                                         Rotations: 12/13
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [X][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
7  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][X][*][_]     R3. Bomb.
5  [*][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1e, then bomb, mark spot 2d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 4d.
2  [X][*][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 3e.
1  [_][X][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 4e.
                       R9. Bomb, capture 5e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Wait.
                       R11. Capture 8b.
                       R12. Bomb.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10012-20111                                         Rotations: 11/12
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4e.</pre><pre id="faqspan-17">7  [X][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, mark front of row c.
5  [_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 2c, bomb.
3  [_][*][*][X][X]     R6. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2e.
2  [*][X][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [_][X][X][_][*]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Bomb, bomb, then capture 5e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb.
                       R11. Capture 8e.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10020-01112                                         Rotations: 11/12
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, mark row b.
6  [*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [X][X][*][X][X]     R4. Capture 2b, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3b.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4b.
2  [X][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 5c (2 Advantage Zones are now in line).
1  [_][X][X][*][X]     R8. Capture 4a, re-mark spot 4a.
                       R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 6a.
                       R11. Capture 1a, bomb.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10020-01211                                         Rotations: 10/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
7  [X][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
6  [*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [X][X][X][*][X]     R4. Bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 5d, mark spot 4a.
3  [X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [X][_][*][_][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 6a, mark spot 4b.
1  [_][X][X][*][X]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Capture 6b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb.

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 10100                                               Rotations: 14/14
----------------                                                      Brilliant

8  [X][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [_][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
6  [_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 3c.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 5e.
3  [*][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 2a, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][X][X]     R8. Bomb, then capture 3a, mark spot 3c.
                       R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb, capture 5c.
                       R11. Capture 6c.
                       R12. Capture 7a, mark front of row b.
                       R13. Wait.
                       R14. Capture 2b, bomb.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10101-10001                                         Rotations: 12/13
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [_][_][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [*][X][X][X][_]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb, re-mark spot 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4a.
3  [X][_][*][*][_]     R6. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [_][X][X][X][_]     R7. Capture 1e, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][X][_]     R8. Capture 2e, bomb.
                       R9. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 6a.
                       R11. Capture 6e.
                       R12. Bomb.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10101-20102                                         Rotations: 11/12
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [X][X][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2c, bomb.
3  [_][*][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1a, mark spot 6b.
2  [*][X][_][X][*]     R7. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7b is protected.
1  [_][X][_][X][_]     R8. Bomb, clear mark.
                       R9. Capture 6e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 6d.
                       R11. Capture 6a.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10101-20211                                          Rotations: 13/?
----------------------

8  [_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [X][*][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 1e, bomb.
3  [_][*][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 2e.
2  [*][X][*][_][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 2c.
1  [_][X][_][X][_]     R8. Capture 3d.
                       R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb, then capture 3e.
                       R11. Capture 7b.
                       R12. Wait.
                       R13. Bomb.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10102-10221                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][*][X][X]     R2. Capture 1c.
6  [_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 2a.
3  [_][*][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 6b, then bomb.
2  [_][X][*][*][_]     R7. Capture 8a.
1  [_][X][_][X][*]     R8. Bomb.
                       R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10102-11101                                         Rotations: 13/14
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
7  [_][*][X][_][X]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [*][X][X][*][_]     R6. Capture 2c.
2  [_][_][_][X][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 3a.
1  [_][X][_][X][*]     R8. Capture 2e.
                       R9. Capture 4a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb.
                       R11. Capture 7d, mark spot 6e.
                       R12. Bomb.
                       R13. Capture 8e.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10102-20110                                          Rotations: 11/?
----------------------

8  [_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [*][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [X][_][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 2c, bomb.
2  [*][X][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 6b, mark spot 5a.
1  [_][X][_][X][*]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Bomb, then capture 7a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Run to right side of puzzle.
                       R11. Capture 6e, bomb.

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 10110                                               Rotations: 16/16
----------------                                                      Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [_][_][*][*][X]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark front of row b.
6  [_][X][X][X][X]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2b, bomb.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a.
3  [X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3b, re-mark spot 3b.
2  [_][_][X][*][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [_][X][_][_][X]     R8. Capture 5b.
                       R9. Capture 1c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 1d, mark spot 2a.
                       R11. Bomb.
                       R12. Bomb, capture 4a, mark spot 2a again.
                       R13. Wait.
                       R14. Bomb.
                       R15. Capture 5a.
                       R16. Capture 6a.

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 10111                                               Rotations: 11/11
----------------                                                      Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
7  [_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [X][X][*][X][X]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1e.
3  [*][*][*][*][_]     R6. Capture 2e.
2  [X][X][X][X][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Bomb, mark spot 5b.
                       R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 7b.
                       R11. Bomb, capture 6c.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10112-02011                                         Rotations: 10/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
7  [_][*][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [*][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 4d, re-mark spot 4d.
3  [_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5d is protected.
2  [X][*][X][_][_]     R7. Clear mark.
1  [_][X][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 6c, bomb.
                       R9. Capture 8d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10112-10011                                          Rotations: 9/13
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a, bomb.
4  [_][*][X][X][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 3a.
3  [*][X][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 1c.
2  [_][X][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 4e, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 5e.
                       R9. Capture 8b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10121-00112                                           Rotations: 8/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [*][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
7  [_][_][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 2c.
6  [*][_][X][_][*]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 4c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
3  [*][_][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 3e.
2  [X][X][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb, then capture 6a.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10121-01112                                         Rotations: 12/13
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
7  [_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
6  [X][X][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
5  [*][X][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 3b.
2  [X][_][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 4a.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 5a, mark spot 2c.
                       R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 4c.
                       R11. Bomb, capture 5c.
                       R12. Capture 6c.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10121-02211                                         Rotations: 10/10
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
7  [*][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 5a.
4  [_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [*][_][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 7a.
2  [X][*][*][_][_]     R7. Capture 3e, bomb, mark spot 6d.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb.
                       R9. Capture 8d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 7c, bomb.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10121-10100                                         Rotations: 12/13
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [*][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
7  [_][_][X][_][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][X][*][_][*]     R3. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 2c.
3  [_][*][*][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 6c.
2  [_][X][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 1e.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 6a.
                       R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb, bomb, then capture 6e.
                       R11. Capture 6d, mark spot 6e.
                       R12. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7e is protected.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10121-10112                                          Rotations: 9/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
7  [_][_][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, re-mark spot 2a.
5  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [*][X][X][X][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 4a.
3  [X][X][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 3c.
2  [_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 3e, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 4e, bomb.
                       R9. Capture 8a.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10121-11111-20110                                   Rotations: 17/18
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

8  [_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
7  [X][_][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
6  [_][*][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
3  [*][X][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 3c.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 3d.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 4d, mark spot 3c.
                       R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb, then capture 5c, mark spot 2e.
                       R11. Wait.
                       R12. Capture 4e.
                       R13. Capture 5e, re-mark spot 5e.
                       R14. Wait.
                       R15. Capture 7e.
                       R16. Capture 5d, bomb.
                       R17. Capture 7b.

----------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10121-11111-20112                                   Rotations: 10/10
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
4  [*][*][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 3a, mark spot 3e.
3  [*][X][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 5e, mark spot 3c.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Capture 5c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10121-12111                                         Rotations: 11/12
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
7  [_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
5  [*][*][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 3a, bomb.
3  [_][X][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 4a, mark spot 3e.
2  [_][*][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb, capture 5e, mark spot 2b.
                       R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 4b.
                       R11. Capture 6e.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10122-10111                                         Rotations: 10/10
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
7  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 3a, bomb.
4  [*][X][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 4a.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 5e, mark spot 3c.
2  [_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*][*]     R8. Capture 5c.
                       R9. Capture 8a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10122-20111                                         Rotations: 10/10
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
7  [_][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
5  [*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, bomb, mark spot 3c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [*][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5c.
1  [_][X][_][*][*]     R8. Capture 7d.
                       R9. Capture 8d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 7a.

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 10201                                                Rotations: 8/10
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][X][*][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1c.
6  [X][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [_][X][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 4b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 6b.
2  [_][*][_][*][*]     R7. Capture 5a, then mark spot 6b.
1  [_][X][*][X][_]     R8. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7b is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10210-00010                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [X][*][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1d.
5  [X][_][_][*][X]     R4. Capture 2d, bomb.
4  [X][_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 6b, mark spot 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_][X]     R6. Wait.
2  [X][X][X][_][X]     R7. Capture 3a, bomb.
1  [_][X][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 10210-00101                                           Rotations: 9/9
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
7  [_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [X][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb, mark front of row e.
4  [_][*][_][*][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [*][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 2e.
2  [X][X][_][X][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [_][X][*][_][X]     R8. Capture 6c.
                       R9. Capture 7c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 10222                                                 Rotations: 6/6
----------------                                                      Brilliant

8  [X][X][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
5  [*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb and start running toward 8d.
3  [_][_][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 8d, bomb.
2  [*][X][*][*][*]
1  [_][X][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 11000                                                Rotations: 11/?
----------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
7  [_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, mark front of row c.
5  [_][*][_][X][X]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][*][*]     R5. Capture 2c, bomb, mark front of row e.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [*][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 2e.
1  [_][_][X][X][X]     R8. Capture 1b, bomb.
                       R9. Capture 5c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 6b.
                       R11. Bomb.

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 11011                                               Rotations: 12/13
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

8  [_][X][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
4  [_][*][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][*][X][*]     R6. Capture 1b.
2  [*][X][_][*][X]     R7. Capture 1e, bomb, mark row c.
1  [_][_][X][_][_]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Capture 2c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 3c.
                       R11. Capture 8a.
                       R12. Capture 8e.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 11012-00010                                         Rotations: 14/17
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
7  [_][*][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [*][X][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [X][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b, re-mark spot 1b.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 3b, re-mark spot 3b.
2  [X][X][X][_][X]     R7. Wait.
1  [_][_][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 5b, mark spot 5e.
                       R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 7e.
                       R11. Bomb, capture 4a, re-mark spot 4a.
                       R12. Wait.
                       R13. Capture 6a.
                       R14. Capture 6c.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 11012-00111                                         Rotations: 16/17
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
7  [X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][*][X][_]     R4. Capture 1b, re-mark spot 1b.
4  [*][_][_][X][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [X][_][X][*][_]     R6. Capture 3b, mark front of row c.
2  [X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [_][_][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 2c.
                       R9. Capture 4e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 5e, mark spot 2c.
                       R11. Wait.
                       R12. Capture 4c.
                       R13. Capture 5c, mark spot 6a.
                       R14. Wait.
                       R15. Capture 8a, mark spot 6b.
                       R16. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7b is protected.

----------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 11012-10111-12112                                   Rotations: 12/13
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

8  [X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [_][_][*][X][_]     R4. Capture 3c.
4  [_][X][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 1a, mark spot 1b.
3  [_][*][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 3b, mark spot 3e.
1  [_][_][X][_][*]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Capture 5e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 2a, bomb.
                       R11. Capture 3a.
                       R12. Capture 4a, bomb.

----------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 11012-10111-21021                                    Rotations: 10/?
----------------------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 1b.
3  [*][_][X][*][_]     R6. Capture 3a.
2  [_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 4e, mark spot 2c.
1  [_][_][X][_][*]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Bomb, capture 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb, capture 6a.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 11012-10121                                         Rotations: 10/12
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
7  [_][_][*][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
5  [*][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
4  [_][*][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 4a.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 5a, bomb.
2  [_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 1b, mark spot 6e.
1  [_][_][X][_][*]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Bomb, capture 8e, mark spot 6d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7d is protected.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 11012-12011                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
7  [_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
6  [X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
5  [_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 2a, mark spot 2e.
3  [_][_][*][X][X]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][*][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 4e.
1  [_][_][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 6c, bomb.
                       R9. Capture 7e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 11020-10111-00111                                     Rotations: 7/7
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [*][*][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb, re-mark spot 2a.
5  [_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Wait.
4  [*][_][*][_][*]     R5. Capture 4a.
3  [X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [_][_][X][*][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 11020-10111-01211                                    Rotations: 9/10
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 4a.
7  [_][_][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d.
6  [*][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [X][_][_][*][X]     R4. Capture 2a, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1b, bomb, run in and mark spot 4a.
3  [X][_][*][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 6a.
1  [_][_][X][*][X]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Bomb until clear.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 11022                                               Rotations: 12/13
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

8  [_][X][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
7  [_][_][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 2a, bomb.
4  [*][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 3a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4a.
2  [_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 1b, mark spot 4c.
1  [_][_][X][*][*]     R8. Bomb.
                       R9. Capture 6c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 5e, bomb.
                       R11. Capture 6e.
                       R12. Capture 8a.

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 11102                                                Rotations: 9/10
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [X][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
5  [_][*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb, then capture 1e.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1c, mark spot 4c.
2  [*][X][_][*][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [_][_][_][X][*]     R8. Bomb, then capture 6c.
                       R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 11111-01000                                           Rotations: 8/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [_][*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [X][X][X][_][X]     R3. Capture 1b.
5  [X][_][_][*][X]     R4. Capture 1c.
4  [X][_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [X][_][*][_][X]     R6. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [X][_][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 2b, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 6d.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 11111-21001                                          Rotations: 12/?
----------------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1e.
5  [*][_][_][*][*]     R4. Capture 2e.
4  [X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 3e.
3  [_][*][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 3a.
2  [*][_][X][X][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 5a, mark spot 1c.
                       R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 3c, re-mark spot 3c.
                       R11. Wait.
                       R12. Capture 5c.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 11112-10111                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
7  [X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
6  [*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb, re-mark spot 2a.
5  [_][_][_][*][X]     R4. Wait.
4  [*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 4a.
3  [X][_][*][*][_]     R6. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 1c.
1  [_][_][_][_][*]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 11112-10121                                           Rotations: 9/?
----------------------

8  [_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
7  [_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
4  [_][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 5e.
3  [_][*][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2a.
2  [_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 3a.
1  [_][_][_][_][*]     R8. Bomb, capture 4a.
                       R9. Bomb, capture 8a.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 11121-00111-10221                                     Rotations: 7/7
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

8  [_][*][*][_][X]     R1. Capture 1d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, re-mark spot 1a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [*][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
4  [_][_][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [_][X][*][*][_]     R6. Capture 4e, bomb, bomb.
2  [X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 8c, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 11121-00111-21211                                     Rotations: 8/?
----------------------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 4e, bomb, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 5e.
4  [_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1b, mark spot 5c.
3  [*][_][*][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 7c.
1  [_][_][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 8c.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 11121-20112                                          Rotations: 8/11
----------------------

8  [_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
5  [*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2a.
4  [_][_][X][*][_]     R5. Capture 3c.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 3e, bomb.
2  [*][X][_][_][*]     R7. Mark spot 5b.
1  [_][_][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 6b is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 11121-21112                                           Rotations: 8/8
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
7  [*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][*][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 2b.
3  [X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4e, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [_][_][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 11122                                                Rotations: 7/11
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
7  [_][_][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
6  [X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [_][*][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1b, mark spot 2c.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
3  [*][_][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5c, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*][*]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 11211                                                 Rotations: 7/8
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [X][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [X][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 2a, bomb.
4  [X][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 2e, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 3d.
2  [*][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 8e, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 11222                                               Rotations: 11/12
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][*][X]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [*][_][_][*][X]     R4. Capture 1a.
4  [X][_][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3a, re-mark spot 3a.
2  [_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [_][_][*][*][*]     R8. Bomb, then capture 5a.
                       R9. Capture 4b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 4c.
                       R11. Capture 6a, bomb.

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 12021                                               Rotations: 10/11
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][X][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
5  [*][*][*][*][*]     R4. Bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 6c.
2  [_][*][*][*][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 1b.
1  [_][*][X][*][_]     R8. Capture 6a.
                       R9. Capture 6e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 12100                                                 Rotations: 8/8
----------------                                                      Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [_][_][*][_][X]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 2a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][*][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 4a.
4  [_][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 3c.
3  [X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 5e, bomb.
2  [_][_][*][_][*]     R7. Bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X][X]     R8. Capture 8a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 12101                                                Rotations: 11/?
----------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2e, mark spot 2b.
4  [X][_][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][X][*][X][*]     R6. Capture 4b.
2  [*][*][*][_][*]     R7. Bomb, then capture 3e.
1  [_][*][_][X][_]     R8. Capture 3c.
                       R9. Capture 3a, re-mark spot 3a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Wait.
                       R11. Capture 5a, bomb.

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 12102                                                 Rotations: 7/7
----------------                                                      Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 2a.
5  [_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Wait.
4  [*][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 4a, mark spot 2c.
3  [X][X][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 4c.
1  [_][*][_][X][*]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 12121-01000                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [X][X][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1b.
4  [_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][*][*][_]     R6. Capture 2b.
2  [X][_][X][X][X]     R7. Bomb.
1  [_][*][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 8e.
                       R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 12121-11211                                           Rotations: 7/?
----------------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
7  [X][X][*][X][X]     R2. Wait.
6  [*][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 3c.
5  [_][*][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 7c.
3  [X][X][_][X][X]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][*][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [_][*][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 12121-21111                                         Rotations: 10/10
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 4c.
7  [_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
5  [_][*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 4a.
4  [*][X][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 3e.
3  [_][_][X][X][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 4e.
1  [_][*][_][*][_]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb.

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 12211                                               Rotations: 11/13
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

8  [*][*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 4e.
7  [*][*][*][*][*]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
6  [*][*][*][*][*]     R3. Capture 3c.
5  [X][X][X][*][X]     R4. Capture 4c, mark spot 2d.
4  [X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [X][_][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 4d.
2  [_][_][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 5d.
1  [_][*][*][_][_]     R8. Capture 1e, re-mark spot 1e.
                       R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 3e, bomb.
                       R11. Capture 3b, bomb.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 20001-11110                                         Rotations: 13/14
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
7  [_][*][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, mark front of row d.
6  [_][_][X][_][*]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][X][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb, capture 2d.
4  [*][_][_][_][X]     R5. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark front of row c.
3  [_][_][X][_][*]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 2c, bomb, re-mark spot 2c.
1  [*][X][X][X][_]     R8. Wait.
                       R9.  Capture 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb, capture 3d.
                       R11. Capture 4d.
                       R12. Bomb, capture 5c.
                       R13. Capture 5a.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 20001-11111                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------

8  [*][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark front of row d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d, bomb.
4  [_][_][*][*][X]     R5. Capture 1e.
3  [_][*][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 2e, bomb, mark spot 6a.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [*][X][X][X][_]     R8. Capture 8a.
                       R9. Capture 7b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 20002                                                 Rotations: 8/?
----------------

8  [_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
7  [_][_][X][*][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [*][_][_][_][*]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark front of row c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2c, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][*][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 7b, re-mark spot 7b.
1  [*][X][X][X][*]     R8. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 8b is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 20012-11012                                         Rotations: 10/12
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [*][X][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 3e.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, mark spot 3c.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 3c.
1  [*][X][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 5a, run back around to other side of puzzle.
                       R9. Capture 7e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 20012-11021                                          Rotations: 8/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
5  [_][*][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 5b.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 5a.
3  [_][_][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 3d.
2  [_][_][X][*][_]     R7. Bomb, bomb.
1  [*][X][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 8e, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 20012-11110                                         Rotations: 10/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][X][X][*]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [*][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2d, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][*][_]     R6. Capture 5a.
2  [_][_][_][_][X]     R7. Bomb, then capture 6a.
1  [*][X][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 7e, mark spot 6d.
                       R9. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7d is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 20012-11111                                         Rotations: 12/13
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, mark spot 2c.
5  [*][X][X][*][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 4c, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 3e.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5a.
1  [*][X][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 4e, mark spot 4b.
                       R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 6b, bomb.
                       R11. Wait.
                       R12. Bomb.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 20012-11112                                         Rotations: 10/10
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
7  [X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark front of row c.
6  [_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][X][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 2c, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 3e, mark spot 4b.
3  [_][_][X][X][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb, then capture 6b.
1  [*][X][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 5a.
                       R9. Capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb.

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 20022                                                Rotations: 13/?
----------------

8  [_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 1d.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][*][*][_][X]     R7. Capture 2d.
1  [*][X][X][*][*]     R8. Capture 6d.
                       R9. Capture 7d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 8d, bomb.
                       R11. Capture 5a, mark spot 2c.
                       R12. Wait.
                       R13. Capture 4c.

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 20110                                               Rotations: 10/12
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 5c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark front of row e.
6  [X][*][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][X][X]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2e.
4  [_][_][X][*][*]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 5b.
1  [*][X][_][_][X]     R8. Bomb, then capture 6b.
                       R9. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 20112-11000                                         Rotations: 10/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 5c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [*][*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
5  [X][X][*][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1e.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d, mark spot 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][X][X]     R7. Bomb, capture 3d, mark spot 4a.
1  [*][X][_][_][*]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb.

----------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 20112-11011-11101                                   Rotations: 12/13
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [*][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
5  [X][_][*][X][*]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 3c.
4  [_][_][X][X][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 5c.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 5b.
1  [*][X][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 3e.
                       R9. Bomb, capture 4e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb, then capture 5e.
                       R11. Wait.
                       R12. Bomb.

----------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 20112-11011-11102                                   Rotations: 10/11
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [*][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1c.
5  [X][X][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 3e, mark spot 3c.
3  [_][_][_][X][*]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 5c, mark spot 4a.
1  [*][X][_][_][*]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Bomb, then capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb.

----------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 20112-11011-12101                                    Rotations: 12/?
----------------------------

8  [X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
7  [_][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
6  [X][_][*][X][*]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 3e, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 4e.
3  [_][*][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 5e.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 6e.
1  [*][X][_][_][*]     R8. Run to left side of puzzle.
                       R9. Bomb, then capture 6c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 6b, mark spot 5a.
                       R11. Wait.
                       R12. Capture 7a, bomb.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 20112-11111                                           Rotations: 6/7
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 1a.
7  [_][*][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1c.
6  [X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5a, bomb.
4  [_][_][*][*][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 7b, mark spot 6e.
3  [_][*][_][X][X]     R6. Bomb 3 times while Forbidden Qube in 7e is
2  [_][_][_][_][_]         protected.
1  [*][X][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 20112-12011                                         Rotations: 12/14
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
7  [_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [X][X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][X]     R6. Bomb, capture 4e.
2  [_][*][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 5e.
1  [*][X][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 6e, mark spot 4d.
                       R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 6d.
                       R11. Capture 6c, bomb, mark spot 6d.
                       R12. Bomb 3 times while Forbidden Qube in 7d is
                            protected.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 20112-20222                                         Rotations: 11/12
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a, mark spot 2e.
3  [_][_][X][X][X]     R6. Wait.
2  [*][X][*][*][*]     R7. Capture 4e, bomb.
1  [*][X][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 5e.
                       R9. Capture 6e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 8a.
                       R11. Capture 8b.

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 20120                                                Rotations: 10/?
----------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
7  [_][_][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark front of row e.
6  [X][_][_][X][X]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2e, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [_][*][X][X][_]     R7. Mark spot 5a.
1  [*][X][_][*][X]     R8. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6a is protected.
                       R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 20121-11111                                           Rotations: 8/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [X][X][*][*][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
5  [_][*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 5b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3e, mark spot 2c.
3  [_][_][X][X][*]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 4c, bomb.
1  [*][X][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 5a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 20121-11112                                           Rotations: 8/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][*][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
7  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark spot 2c.
6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4c, bomb.
4  [*][_][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 4e.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 5c.
2  [_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb.
1  [*][X][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 8d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 20122                                               Rotations: 10/10
----------------                                                      Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
7  [*][*][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 3e.
6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 4e.
5  [_][X][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 5e.
4  [_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [*][X][_][*][*]     R8. Capture 5a, bomb.
                       R9. Capture 5c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb, bomb.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 20202-01110                                         Rotations: 10/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, mark spot 1a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2c, mark front of row b.
3  [*][*][X][*][*]     R6. Wait.
2  [X][_][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 2b, mark front of row d.
1  [*][X][*][X][*]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Bomb, capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 2c.

----------------------------------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 20202-02220-11111-11111-11111-11111-11111             Rotations: 8/9
----------------------------------------------------              True Genius!!
</pre><pre id="faqspan-18">8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a, mark spot 1e.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [X][*][*][*][X]     R7. Capture 3e.
1  [*][X][*][X][*]     R8. Bomb, capture 5c/

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 20202-02220-11111-11111-11111-11111-21112             Rotations: 7/7
----------------------------------------------------                  Brilliant

8  [_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
7  [*][_][_][_][*]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e, mark spot 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3a.
2  [X][*][*][*][X]     R7. Bomb, bomb.
1  [*][X][*][X][*]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 20211                                                Rotations: 8/10
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][*][*]     R4. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][*][X]     R5. Capture 2e.
3  [_][_][_][*][*]     R6. Capture 2a.
2  [*][*][*][_][_]     R7. Capture 5d.
1  [*][X][*][_][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 3e.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21000-11111                                         Rotations: 13/14
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark front of row d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [X][X][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 2d, bomb, mark front of row c.
4  [*][_][_][X][X]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][X][*]     R6. Capture 2c.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, bomb, then capture 3e.
1  [*][_][X][X][X]     R8. Capture 1b, mark spot 2c.
                       R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 4c, mark spot 3e.
                       R11. Bomb.
                       R12. Capture 5e.
                       R13. Capture 5c.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21000-11121                                         Rotations: 10/13
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d, mark front of row c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
5  [_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [*][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 3c, mark spot 2a.
3  [X][X][_][X][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 4a, mark front of row e.
1  [*][_][X][X][X]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Capture 2e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 3e, bomb.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21000-21112                                           Rotations: 8/9
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [X][X][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark row c.
6  [*][*][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 2c, re-mark spot 2c.
4  [_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb.
3  [X][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 4c, re-mark spot 4c.
2  [*][_][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][X][X]     R9. Capture 6c, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21001-11001                                          Rotations: 11/?
----------------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
7  [X][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [_][_][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 2e, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][*][X]     R4. Capture 3e, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4e.
3  [_][*][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 6a, mark spot 4e.
2  [_][_][X][X][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [*][_][X][X][_]     R8. Capture 6e.
                       R9. Bomb, capture 6b, mark spot 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Wait.
                       R11. Capture 8a.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21001-11112                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
5  [_][X][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 3a.
4  [_][X][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 4a, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 5a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 6a.
1  [*][_][X][X][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 21002                                               Rotations: 13/13
----------------                                                      Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
7  [*][X][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark front of row c.
6  [X][X][X][X][_]     R3. Bomb.
5  [_][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 2c.
4  [X][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 5d.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 4b, mark spot 3a.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][X][*]     R8. Capture 5a, bomb.
                       R9. Capture 5b, mark spot 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Wait.
                       R11. Capture 7a.
                       R12. Capture 5e.
                       R13. Capture 6e, bomb.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21010-11002                                         Rotations: 11/11
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [*][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb, mark spot 2b.
4  [_][*][_][*][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4b.
2  [_][_][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 3a.
1  [*][_][X][_][X]     R8. Capture 4a, mark spot 6e.
                       R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb, bomb, then capture 8e.
                       R11. Capture 5a, bomb.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21010-11011                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][*][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
6  [*][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3d.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4a, bomb, mark spot 5e.
3  [_][*][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 7e, mark front of row e.
1  [*][_][X][_][X]     R8. Bomb.
                       R9. Capture 2e.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21010-11112                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb, mark spot 2a.
6  [_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 4a, mark spot 4e.
4  [*][_][*][_][_]     R5. Bomb, bomb.
3  [X][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 6e.
2  [_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21011-11012                                         Rotations: 11/11
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e, bomb.
7  [_][*][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [*][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 3a.
5  [_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5a.
3  [_][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 6a, mark spot 2b.
2  [_][_][X][_][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 4b, bomb.
                       R9. Capture 6e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 7e, bomb.
                       R11. Capture 6c.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21011-11101                                          Rotations: 12/?
----------------------

8  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
5  [*][_][*][X][X]     R4. Capture 2e.
4  [X][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 3e, mark spot 2c.
3  [_][*][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 4c.
1  [*][_][X][_][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 4e.
                       R9. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Wait.
                       R11. Capture 3d, bomb.
                       R12. Capture 4d.

----------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21011-11102-00121                                   Rotations: 10/11
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][*][*][X]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2b.
5  [X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
4  [_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4b.
3  [X][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 1d, mark row c.
2  [_][_][_][X][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 2c, bomb, bomb, mark spot 2a.
                       R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 4a, bomb.

----------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21011-11102-12011                                   Rotations: 12/12
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][X][X][_]     R3. Capture 2e.
5  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
4  [*][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 2c.
3  [_][*][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 4c.
1  [*][_][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 4a.
                       R9. Capture 1d, mark spot 5d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb.
                       R11. Capture 7d.
                       R12. Capture 6e, bomb.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21011-11122                                         Rotations: 12/13
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][_][*][X][*]     R2. Capture 1a, then bomb.
6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
5  [*][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5c, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][_][*][*]     R7. Capture 4a.
1  [*][_][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 5a, mark spot 5c.
                       R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb, then capture 7c.
                       R11. Capture 7e, mark spot 6d.
                       R12. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7d is protected.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21011-11201                                          Rotations: 8/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
6  [_][*][*][*][X]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [X][*][*][*][X]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [X][*][*][*][X]     R5. Capture 2e.
3  [_][*][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 3e, mark spot 1d.
2  [_][_][*][X][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 3d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21011-21012                                         Rotations: 12/13
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
5  [_][X][X][X][*]     R4. Capture 4a.
4  [_][X][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 4c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d.
2  [*][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 2e.
1  [*][_][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 5a, bomb.
                       R9. Capture 5e.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Wait.
                       R11. Wait.
                       R12. Bomb.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21012-00011                                           Rotations: 9/9
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
7  [*][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5d, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 6a.
2  [X][X][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 7a, mark spot 6c.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]     R8. Bomb.
                       R9. Capture 8c.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21012-11010                                         Rotations: 12/12
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
7  [_][_][X][_][X]     R2. Capture 1d.
6  [*][X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2d.
5  [_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [X][_][X][*][_]     R6. Capture 4a, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_][X]     R7. Capture 3b.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 4b.
                       R9. Capture 5a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb, then capture 6a.
                       R11. Capture 7d.
                       R12. Bomb.

----------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21012-11011-12200                                     Rotations: 9/9
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

8  [_][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
7  [X][_][X][X][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2e.
6  [X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4e.
4  [_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb.
3  [_][*][*][X][X]     R6. Capture 7b.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 8b.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 7e, bomb.
                       R9. Capture 8e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21012-11011-20122                                     Rotations: 7/7
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [*][_][X][*][X]     R3. Bomb, then capture 3a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 6d.
3  [*][X][_][*][*]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21012-11110                                         Rotations: 11/12
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
5  [*][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
4  [X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 3a, re-mark spot 3a.
2  [_][_][_][_][X]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]     R8. Bomb, then capture 5a, mark spot 2c.
                       R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb.
                       R11. Capture 5c.

----------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21012-11111-00022                                   Rotations: 10/10
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [X][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2a.
5  [_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 4a, bomb, mark spot 2b.
3  [X][X][X][*][*]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 4b.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 7e, bomb.
                       R9. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb.

----------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21012-11111-10112                                    Rotations: 12/?
----------------------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][*][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [X][_][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [X][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 3c, bomb, re-mark spot 3c.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 5c.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 3a.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 4a, mark spot 2b.
                       R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb, capture 4b.
                       R11. Capture 5b.
                       R12. Capture 6b.

----------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21012-11111-11011                                     Rotations: 8/9
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

8  [_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
7  [X][*][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb 3 times.
5  [_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 7b.
4  [*][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 4d, mark front of row c.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 2c, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]     R8. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21012-11121                                          Rotations: 8/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [*][*][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1c.
7  [_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
5  [*][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 4a.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5a.
3  [_][_][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 3e, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 8b.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]     R8. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21012-12021                                          Rotations: 9/10
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [X][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, then bomb.
4  [_][_][_][*][*]     R5. Capture 3a.
3  [_][X][X][X][X]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][*][X][*][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 7a.
                       R9. Capture 7b.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21012-21112                                           Rotations: 8/?
----------------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [*][_][_][*][*]     R5. Capture 1e, bomb.
3  [X][*][*][X][X]     R6. Capture 3b.
2  [*][_][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][*]     R8. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21020-11011                                         Rotations: 10/12
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [X][X][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, mark row e.
6  [_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2e.
4  [*][_][*][_][*]     R5. Capture 3d.
3  [_][X][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 3a, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][*][X]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Capture 4a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 7e, bomb until clear.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21020-11212                                         Rotations: 10/10
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
7  [_][*][*][X][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1b.
5  [*][X][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb to clear marks, capture 5a, mark spot 5e.
3  [_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][*][_][*]     R7. Bomb.
1  [*][_][X][*][X]     R8. Bomb, capture 8e, mark spot 5e again.
                       R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb, capture 7e.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21100-11012                                         Rotations: 13/13
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [_][*][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [_][_][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2a.
6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][*][X]     R4. Capture 4a.
4  [*][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
3  [X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 3c.
1  [*][_][_][X][X]     R8. Capture 3b.
                       R9. Capture 5d, mark spot 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Wait.
                       R11. Capture 5c.
                       R12. Capture 8b.
                       R13. Bomb until clear.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21100-12122                                           Rotations: 8/8
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb, mark front of row d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
5  [_][X][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 4a, bomb.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 5a.
2  [_][*][_][*][*]     R7. Bomb.
1  [*][_][_][X][X]     R8. Capture 7e, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21101-11121                                         Rotations: 11/12
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][_][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [*][X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2e, bomb, bomb.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4a.
3  [_][_][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 5a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 6a.
1  [*][_][_][X][_]     R8. Capture 1c.
                       R9. Capture 2d, bomb, mark spot 3b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Wait.
                       R11. Capture 5b.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21101-21000                                         Rotations: 17/18
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
7  [_][X][*][_][X]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [*][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 3a, mark spot 1c.
3  [_][X][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
2  [*][_][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 3c, mark spot 1c again.
1  [*][_][_][X][_]     R8. Bomb.
                       R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Wait.
                       R11. Capture 5c, re-mark spot 5c.
                       R12. Wait.
                       R13. Capture 7c.
                       R14. Capture 6d.
                       R15. Capture 6e, bomb.
                       R16. Capture 7d, bomb.
                       R17. Capture 7a.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21101-21012                                         Rotations: 10/10
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [X][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [_][_][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
4  [_][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 2e.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3a, bomb.
2  [*][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 4a.
1  [*][_][_][X][_]     R8. Bomb.
                       R9. Capture 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21101-22102                                          Rotations: 8/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 2e.
5  [_][_][_][*][*]     R4. Capture 1c.
4  [*][*][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 2c, bomb.
3  [X][X][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [*][*][_][X][*]     R7. Mark spot 5d.
1  [*][_][_][X][_]     R8. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6d is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21102-11011                                          Rotations: 9/13
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][*][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][*]     R5. Bomb, then capture 3a, mark spot 3c.
3  [*][X][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 5c.
1  [*][_][_][X][*]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21102-11100                                         Rotations: 10/10
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, mark row d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [*][*][*][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][X][*][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 3d.
3  [*][*][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 1e.
2  [_][_][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 2c.
1  [*][_][_][X][*]     R8. Capture 3c.
                       R9. Capture 4a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 4c.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21102-12021                                         Rotations: 10/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
7  [_][*][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [*][_][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 3a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [_][*][X][*][_]     R7. Capture 6e.
1  [*][_][_][X][*]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Bomb, mark spot 6c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7c is protected.

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 21110                                                Rotations: 9/10
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

8  [_][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark front of row e.
6  [*][_][_][_][*]     R3. Bomb.
5  [X][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2e.
4  [_][X][X][*][_]     R5. Capture 4a, bomb, re-mark spot 4a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 6a.
1  [*][_][_][_][X]     R8. Capture 1c, bomb 3 times.
                       R9. Capture 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21112-11011-01211                                    Rotations: 8/12
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
5  [*][*][_][*][*]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][X][*][X][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 4c, mark spot 2a.
3  [X][_][*][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 4a.
1  [*][_][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 4e, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21112-11011-10110                                   Rotations: 14/14
----------------------------                                          Brilliant

8  [_][*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [X][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2e.
6  [_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 4e.
4  [_][X][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 3d.
3  [_][X][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 4d, bomb, re-mark spot 4c.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 6c.
                       R9. Capture 1a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. capture 1c, bomb.
                       R11. capture 3a.
                       R12. Capture 4a.
                       R13. Capture 5a.
                       R14. Capture 6a.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21112-11012                                         Rotations: 10/12
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [*][*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1e.
5  [*][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [X][_][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 4b, mark spot 3a.
3  [_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 5a, mark spot 3c.
1  [*][_][_][_][*]     R8. Bomb 4 times.
                       R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 6c.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21112-11021                                         Rotations: 13/14
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 4b.
7  [_][X][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [_][*][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1c.
5  [X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][X][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][X][*][_]     R7. Capture 4a, mark spot 4b.
1  [*][_][_][_][*]     R8. Bomb.
                       R9. Capture 6b, mark spot 4a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Wait.
                       R11. Capture 6a.
                       R12. Bomb, capture 7a.
                       R13. Capture 7c.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21112-11121                                         Rotations: 10/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
7  [_][_][*][X][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
6  [_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2c, bomb.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [*][_][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 4a.
2  [_][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 5a.
1  [*][_][_][_][*]     R8. Bomb.
                       R9. Capture 7e, bomb, mark spot 6d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7d is protected.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21112-12011                                           Rotations: 9/9
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
7  [X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
5  [_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3c.
3  [X][_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d.
2  [_][*][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 3b, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_][*]     R8. Bomb.
                       R9. Capture 8c.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21121-11111-02221                                     Rotations: 7/?
----------------------------

8  [X][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
7  [_][_][_][*][*]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Mark spot 3c.
4  [_][_][X][X][X]     R5. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 4c is protected.
3  [X][*][*][*][_]     R6. Clear mark.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 7a.
1  [*][_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------------
5x8 Puzzle 21121-11111-12111                                     Rotations: 8/9
----------------------------                                      True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [_][*][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 4e, mark spot 3c.
4  [_][_][X][X][*]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][*][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5c is protected.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 21122                                               Rotations: 10/10
----------------                                                      Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
7  [X][_][*][*][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark spot 2c.
6  [_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 4c.
4  [_][_][_][*][X]     R5. Bomb, then capture 4d.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1b.
2  [X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5c.
1  [*][_][_][*][*]     R8. Capture 6a, bomb, re-mark spot 6a.
                       R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 8a.

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 21211                                               Rotations: 10/11
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
7  [_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
4  [*][*][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [X][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 3b, bomb, mark spot 6c.
1  [*][_][*][_][_]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Capture 8c.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb.

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 21212                                                 Rotations: 9/9
----------------                                                      Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3a, re-mark spot 3a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [X][X][*][X][X]     R5. Capture 5a.
3  [_][*][*][*][_]     R6. Capture 1e.
2  [_][_][*][_][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 4c, mark spot 3e.
1  [*][_][*][_][*]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Capture 5e.
    a  b  c  d  e

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 22000                                                 Rotations: 7/9
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [*][*][X][*][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [X][X][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb, bomb, mark spot 4a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 6a.
2  [_][_][_][*][*]     R7. Bomb.
1  [*][*][X][X][X]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 22012-00111                                         Rotations: 10/10
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [*][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1a.
7  [X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, mark row c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][*][*][_]     R4. Capture 2c.
4  [*][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 1e, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 3e, bomb.
2  [X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 4e, bomb, mark spot 6a.
1  [*][*][X][_][*]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Capture 8a.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 8c, bomb.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 22012-11011                                         Rotations: 10/12
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4a.
5  [_][_][*][X][X]     R4. Capture 4b.
4  [_][_][X][*][*]     R5. Capture 1e.
3  [_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [*][*][X][_][*]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb, capture 8a.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 22012-22022                                         Rotations: 10/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb, mark front of row c.
7  [_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3c.
4  [_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4a.
3  [_][_][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [*][*][X][*][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][*][X][_][*]     R8. Wait.
                       R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 7d, bomb.

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 22110                                               Rotations: 12/13
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

8  [_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
5  [X][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [X][*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3c, mark spot 2b.
3  [X][X][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 4b.
1  [*][*][_][_][X]     R8. Capture 4c.
                       R9. Capture 6d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb, capture 6e.
                       R11. Bomb.
                       R12. Bomb.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 22111-11110                                         Rotations: 10/11
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
7  [_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
6  [_][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d, bomb.
5  [_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3d.
4  [*][_][_][*][X]     R5. Capture 4d.
3  [_][_][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 1e.
2  [_][_][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [*][*][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 5a.
                       R9. Capture 6a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 8e.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 22111-11112                                         Rotations: 10/10
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
7  [_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [_][_][*][_][*]     R3. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2e.
4  [X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
3  [*][_][X][*][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb.
1  [*][*][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 8a.
                       R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb.

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 22112                                               Rotations: 11/12
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

8  [_][*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
7  [_][_][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
6  [_][_][X][X][X]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1e.
5  [*][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1d, mark spot 3b.
4  [X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 5b, mark spot 3a.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][*][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 5a.
                       R9. Capture 5d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb, capture 5c.
                       R11. Bomb.

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 22212                                               Rotations: 10/11
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

8  [_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
7  [X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1e.
6  [_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][X][X][X]     R7. Bomb.
1  [*][*][*][_][*]     R8. Capture 6a.
                       R9. Capture 8e, mark spot 6b.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Bomb, bomb again while Forbidden Qube in 7b is
                            protected.

----------------
5x8 Puzzle 22221                                                Rotations: 8/10
----------------                                                  True Genius!!

8  [_][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb, mark spot 2e.
7  [_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Bomb.
6  [_][_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 4e.
5  [_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 5a.
3  [_][_][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 5b.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 6a.
1  [*][*][*][*][_]     R8. Bomb twice, capture 6b.

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 22222-00111                                           Rotations: 7/7
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Wait.
5  [*][*][*][*][*]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 6c.
2  [X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, bomb, then capture 1b.
1  [*][*][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d  e

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 22222-11111                                         Rotations: 10/13
----------------------                                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
7  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c,
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2a.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 2b.
1  [*][*][*][*][*]     R8. Capture 2e.
                       R9. Capture 8d.
    a  b  c  d  e      R10. Capture 8e.

----------------------
5x8 Puzzle 22222-22222                                           Rotations: 1/1
----------------------                                                Brilliant

8  [*][*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture any Qube, bomb until clear.
7  [*][*][*][*][*]
6  [*][*][*][*][*]
5  [*][*][*][*][*]
4  [*][*][*][*][*]
3  [*][*][*][*][*]
2  [*][*][*][*][*]
1  [*][*][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d  e


-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-
                               3.5  FIFTH STAGE
-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-

   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     3.5.1 FIFTH STAGE, WAVES 1 &amp; 2 - 6x6 PUZZLES
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 000001-112121                                        Rotations: 12/?
------------------------

6  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e, mark front of row a.
5  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [X][_][_][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 2a, mark front of row c.
3  [X][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][*][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 2c.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 1f.
                          R7. Capture 2f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 3f.
                          R9. Capture 4f, mark spot 4b.
                          R10. Wait.
                          R11. Bomb, then capture 6b.
                          R12. Bomb.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 000001-122112                                         Rotations: 7/7
------------------------                                              Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [X][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f, mark front of row d.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][*][*][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb, capture 2d, mark front of row e.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][_]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Bomb, capture 2e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 000002-120111                                         Rotations: 5/?
------------------------

6  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][_]     R2. Capture 1f, mark front of row a.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 2a, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5f.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][*]

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 000002-220111                                         Rotations: 8/8
------------------------                                              Brilliant

6  [X][_][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1f, mark front of row d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d, bomb, re-mark spot 2d.
2  [*][*][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][*]     R6. Capture 4d.
                          R7. Bomb, then capture 6c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 000010-211112                                       Rotations: 12/12
------------------------                                              Brilliant

6  [_][_][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f.
5  [*][X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 2e.
3  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 3e, mark front of row d.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 2d, mark front of row a.
                          R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb, then capture 2a.
                          R9. Capture 3f, bomb, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 5a.
                          R11. Capture 3d.
                          R12. Capture 4d, bomb.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 000010-222222                                         Rotations: 8/9
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [X][*][X][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 4d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 6d.
2  [*][*][*][*][*][*]     R5. Capture 5b, mark front of row a.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][X]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 000011                                                Rotations: 9/9
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [*][*][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 3f.
5  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
4  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2f, bomb.
3  [*][_][_][X][X][*]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb, mark front of row c.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 2c, mark front of row d.
                          R7. Bomb 5 times, run to end of puzzle and down left.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 2d.
                          R9. Capture 3c.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 000012-110112                                       Rotations: 11/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, mark front of row a.
4  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [X][_][*][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 2a, mark front of row d.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 2d, bomb, mark front of row b.
                          R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 2b, mark spot 2a.
                          R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 4a.
                          R11. Capture 3e, bomb.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 000012-111112                                         Rotations: 5/7
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [X][X][X][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3b, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, mark front of row d.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [*][*][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 2d.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 5c, bomb, bomb.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 000012-112211                                        Rotations: 7/10
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1f, mark row a.
4  [X][*][_][_][_][X]     R3. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][*][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a, mark spot 4d.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R6. Bomb, bomb.
                          R7. Capture 6d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 000012-121111                                         Rotations: 6/6
------------------------                                              Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, mark spot 2e.
4  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 4e, mark front of row d.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 2d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 000012-210121                                        Rotations: 8/10
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, mark front of row a.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
2  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 3f, bomb, mark front of row d.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R6. Bomb, run around to left side of puzzle.
                          R7. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 4c.

-------------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 000012-211111-110000                                  Rotations: 9/9
-------------------------------                                       Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, mark front of row d.
4  [*][_][_][*][*][X]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 2d, re-mark spot 2d.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 4d, mark front of row c.
                          R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 2c.
                          R9. Capture 5a, bomb.

-------------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 000012-211111-110100                                 Rotations: 11/?
-------------------------------

6  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [X][X][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, mark spot 2e.
4  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 4e, mark front of row d.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 2d, mark front of row c.
                          R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 2c, mark spot 4a.
                          R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 6a.
                          R11. Capture 3d, bomb.

-------------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 000012-211111-111100                                  Rotations: 9/9
-------------------------------                                       Brilliant

6  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, bomb, mark spot 2f.
4  [_][*][_][X][X][*]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 4f, mark row d.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 2d, bomb, mark row c.
                          R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 2c.
                          R9. Capture 3d.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 000020                                                Rotations: 5/5
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [X][X][X][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1e, mark row b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2b.
3  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5d.
2  [_][*][X][*][_][*]     R5. Capture 6d, bomb twice.
1  [X][X][X][X][*][X]

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 000100-012222                                         Rotations: 7/8
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 4f.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
3  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 6f, mark front of row b.
2  [X][_][*][*][*][*]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][_][X][X]     R6. Bomb, capture 2b
                          R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f
</pre><pre id="faqspan-19">------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 000100-120110                                         Rotations: 8/8
------------------------                                              Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][*][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d, mark front of row e.
3  [X][X][X][X][*][X]     R4. Bomb.
2  [_][*][X][_][_][X]     R5. Bomb, capture 2e.
1  [X][X][X][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 3e, mark front of row a.
                          R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 2a, bomb.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 000101                                              Rotations: 12/12
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a, mark row b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2b.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][*][X][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 2d.
1  [X][X][X][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 1f.
                          R7. Capture 2f, bomb, re-mark spot 2f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Wait.
                          R9. Capture 4f, mark row c.
                          R10. Wait.
                          R11. Bomb, capture 2c.
                          R12. Capture 3a

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 000110                                                Rotations: 9/9
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][X][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1e, mark front of row a.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][*][_][X][*][_]     R4. Bomb 3 times, then capture 2a.
2  [*][X][_][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 1d.
1  [X][X][X][_][_][X]     R6. Bomb, capture 2d, mark front of row c.
                          R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 2c.
                          R9. Capture 6a.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 000112-121021                                         Rotations: 8/9
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, then bomb.
4  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 3f, mark spot 1d.
2  [_][*][_][X][*][_]     R5. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 3d, mark spot 4a.
                          R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 6a.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 000112-211011                                       Rotations: 13/13
------------------------                                              Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
4  [_][_][*][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 3e.
3  [*][_][X][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 4e.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb, mark front of row c.
1  [X][X][X][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Capture 2c, mark spot 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Wait, run around to left side of puzzle.
                          R9. Capture 3d, mark spot 2c.
                          R10. Wait.
                          R11. Capture 4c.
                          R12. Mark spot 4c.
                          R13. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5c is protected.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 000112-211121                                         Rotations: 8/8
------------------------                                              Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, then bomb, mark front of row c.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 2c.
2  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [X][X][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 2d, bomb.
                          R7. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 4c.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 000112-221011                                         Rotations: 7/9
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 3f.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
2  [*][*][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, run to end of puzzle.
1  [X][X][X][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb, capture 3d, run down left side.
                          R7. Capture 5c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 000121                                                Rotations: 9/9
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
5  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 3d, mark row a.
4  [_][_][*][X][_][X]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
2  [*][*][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 3f, bomb, mark spot 2e.
1  [X][X][X][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb.
                          R7. Capture 4e, mark spot 4a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb.
                          R9. Capture 6a.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 000122                                                Rotations: 7/8
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [*][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, mark front of row b.
4  [_][_][X][X][*][_]     R3. Bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2b.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, mark spot 3d.
1  [X][X][X][_][*][*]     R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4d is protected.
                          R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 000200                                                Rotations: 8/8
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 4a.
5  [X][X][_][X][*][*]     R2. Capture 1d, mark front of row a.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Bomb.
2  [X][_][*][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 3a, bomb.
1  [X][X][X][*][X][X]     R6. Capture 5e.
                          R7. Capture 5c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 6c, bomb 3 times.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 000212                                                Rotations: 8/9
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
5  [*][X][X][X][*][*]     R2. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Bomb, mark spot 3f.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
2  [*][*][*][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 5f.
1  [X][X][X][*][_][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 5a, mark spot 4c.
                          R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 6c, bomb.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 001010                                              Rotations: 13/13
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3d, mark row a.
5  [X][_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Wait.
4  [*][_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb, mark row f.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][*]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 2f.
                          R7. Capture 1c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 2c, re-mark spot 2c.
                          R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 4c, mark spot 4e.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Bomb, then capture 6e.
                          R13. Bomb.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 001100                                              Rotations: 10/10
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][*][*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][*][X][X]     R3. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 3d.
2  [*][_][X][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 4d.
1  [X][X][_][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 1c, mark front of row f.
                          R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb, capture 2f, mark spot 1c.
                          R9. Bomb, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 3c.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 001112-210012                                       Rotations: 11/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
3  [*][_][_][_][X][*]     R4. Wait.
2  [*][_][X][X][_][*]     R5. Bomb, capture 3c.
1  [X][X][_][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb, capture 1d.
                          R7. Bomb, then capture 3f, mark spot 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Wait, run around to left side of puzzle.
                          R9. Capture 3d.
                          R10. Capture 4c.
                          R11. Capture 5c.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 001112-220021                                         Rotations: 9/9
------------------------                                              Brilliant

6  [X][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][*][_][X][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 1f, bomb, mark row a.
2  [*][*][X][X][*][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 2a.
                          R7. Capture 3f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 4f, bomb.
                          R9. Capture 6c, bomb.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 001121-000111                                       Rotations: 10/11
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, mark front of row a.
4  [_][_][X][X][*][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [*][_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a, mark spot 1c.
1  [X][X][_][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb.
                          R7. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 6a, bomb.
                          R9. Capture 4f.
                          R10. Capture 5f, bomb.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 001121-200111                                        Rotations: 9/10
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 3d, mark front of row a.
3  [_][_][X][*][X][X]     R4. Wait.
2  [*][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a, mark spot 2e.
1  [X][X][_][_][*][_]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Bomb, then capture 4e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 1c, bomb.
                          R9. Capture 6a.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 001122                                               Rotations: 9/10
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [_][*][X][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 1f.
3  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb, re-mark spot 1d.
2  [*][_][X][X][*][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][_][*][*]     R6. Capture 3d.
                          R7. Capture 4d, mark spot 1c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Wait.
                          R9. Bomb, then capture 3c.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 001210                                                Rotations: 6/6
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
5  [X][X][_][_][_][X]     R2. Bomb.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, mark spot 4f.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][*][*][_][*][*]     R5. Capture 6f.
1  [X][X][_][*][_][X]     R6. Capture 6e, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 002000                                              Rotations: 10/11
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 1c, mark row f.
5  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f, mark row a.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_][*][*]     R5. Bomb, capture 2a.
1  [X][X][*][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 2c, bomb, mark row e.
                          R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 2e.
                          R9. Bomb, run towards far right corner.
                          R10. Capture 6f.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 002101                                                Rotations: 6/6
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [X][_][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
3  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R4. Bomb, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_][*][X]     R5. Capture 6b.
1  [X][X][*][_][X][_]     R6. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 002222                                                Rotations: 8/9
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, capture 1f, run to top left corner.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 6a.
2  [X][*][*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 6b, bomb.
1  [X][X][*][*][*][*]     R6. Capture 6c.
                          R7. Capture 5f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 6f.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 010000                                               Rotations: 9/10
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3f, mark front of row d.
5  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d, mark front of row a.
3  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][*][X][X]     R5. Bomb twice, then capture 2a.
1  [X][_][X][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 1b.
                          R7. Capture 2b, mark front of row c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb.
                          R9. Bomb, capture 2c.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 010002-101221                                        Rotations: 7/10
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 3a, mark front of row d.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2d.
3  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1f.
2  [_][X][_][*][*][_]     R5. Capture 1b, mark front of row a.
1  [X][_][X][X][X][*]     R6. Bomb.
                          R7. Capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 010002-111111                                         Rotations: 9/?
------------------------

6  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1f.
4  [X][X][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
3  [_][*][*][*][*][_]     R4. Capture 2b, bomb 3 times.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3b, mark spot 4f.
1  [X][_][X][X][X][*]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Capture 6f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 3a, bomb.
                          R9. Capture 5d.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 010012                                                Rotations: 8/9
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, mark row c.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [X][X][*][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 2c.
2  [_][X][_][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb, then capture 3c.
1  [X][_][X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 1b, mark row a.
                          R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 2a, bomb, bomb.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 010101-010111                                       Rotations: 11/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1b.
4  [*][_][*][_][*][X]     R3. Capture 2b.
3  [X][*][X][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 3b.
2  [X][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d.
1  [X][_][X][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 2d, bomb, mark spot 2e.
                          R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 4e.
                          R9. Capture 1f.
                          R10. Capture 2f, bomb.
                          R11. Capture 3f.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 010101-101212                                         Rotations: 6/7
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [*][_][_][*][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
3  [_][*][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1f, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][X][_][*][_][*]     R5. Bomb 3 times, then capture 2f.
1  [X][_][X][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 1b, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 011012                                                Rotations: 8/8
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f, bomb, mark front of row d.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d, mark front of row a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Bomb.
2  [*][X][_][*][*][_]     R5. Capture 2a.
1  [X][_][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 1b.
                          R7. Capture 1c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 011201                                               Rotations: 9/10
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][X][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
2  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1f, bomb.
1  [X][_][_][*][X][_]     R6. Capture 5a, bomb.
                          R7. Capture 5c, bomb, mark spot 4d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Wait.
                          R9. Capture 6d.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 011210                                               Rotations: 8/10
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 3f.
3  [_][_][X][*][X][*]     R4. Capture 3d, mark front of row a.
2  [*][X][*][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][_][_][*][_][X]     R6. Bomb, then capture 2a.
                          R7. Capture 1b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 012101                                                Rotations: 9/9
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [X][_][*][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
3  [_][X][X][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 2f.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 3a, re-mark spot 3a.
1  [X][_][*][_][X][_]     R6. Bomb.
                          R7. Capture 5a, mark spot 2b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb.
                          R9. Capture 4b, bomb.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 012112                                                Rotations: 7/7
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb, mark front of row a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [X][X][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 1f, bomb.
2  [_][*][*][*][*][*]     R5. Capture 3c.
1  [X][_][*][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 020101                                                Rotations: 7/7
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][_][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
5  [X][*][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
4  [*][_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3d.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 1f.
1  [X][*][X][_][X][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 2f.
                          R7. Bomb, then capture 5b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 020122                                              Rotations: 13/13
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1b, mark front of row c.
5  [_][X][_][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 3c, mark front of row a.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [X][*][X][_][*][*]     R6. Capture 2a.
                          R7. Capture 1e, then bomb, mark spot 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Wait.
                          R9. Capture 4d, mark spot 3c.
                          R10. Wait.
                          R11. Bomb, capture 5c.
                          R12. Bomb, capture 5a.
                          R13. Capture 3e.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 020202-020202                                         Rotations: 9/9
------------------------                                              Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
2  [X][*][X][*][X][*]     R5. Capture 2b.
1  [X][*][X][*][X][*]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Bomb, then capture 2f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 3d.
                          R9. Bomb.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 020202-212121                                         Rotations: 8/8
------------------------                                              Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f, mark front of row a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [*][_][*][_][*][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2a, mark front of row c.
1  [X][*][X][*][X][*]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Capture 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 021102                                                Rotations: 7/8
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 4d.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
3  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1f.
2  [X][X][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 2c.
1  [X][*][_][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 4d.
                          R7. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5d is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 021212                                                Rotations: 7/?
-----------------

6  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
5  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_][*][X]     R4. Capture 1f, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 6c.
1  [X][*][_][*][_][*]     R6. Capture 5a, bomb.
                          R7. Capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 100000                                              Rotations: 10/10
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][*][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark front of row b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2b, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_][*][*]     R5. Capture 2a, mark front of row c.
1  [_][X][X][X][X][X]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Capture 2c, re-mark spot 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb, bomb.
                          R9. Capture 4c.
                          R10. Capture 5d.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 100002                                              Rotations: 12/12
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
4  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][X][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a, mark front of row d.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][X]     R5. Bomb.
1  [_][X][X][X][X][*]     R6. Capture 2d, mark front of row e.
                          R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb, capture 2e.
                          R9. Capture 3d, mark spot 2c.
                          R10. Wait.
                          R11. Capture 4c.
                          R12. Bomb, bomb.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 100011                                              Rotations: 12/13
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 3a.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f, bomb.
3  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 2f, mark row b.
2  [X][_][_][_][X][*]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][X][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 2b, bomb, mark row c.
                          R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 2c, mark row d.
                          R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 2d.
                          R11. Capture 1e, start running into puzzle.
                          R12. Capture 3b.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 100012-001111                                        Rotations: 9/10
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
5  [X][_][*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
4  [_][*][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, mark front of row d.
3  [X][X][_][X][*][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2d, mark front of row c.
1  [_][X][X][X][_][*]     R6. Bomb.
                          R7. Bomb, bomb, capture 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 3c, mark spot 4a.
                          R9. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5a is protected.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 100012-212111                                         Rotations: 9/?
------------------------

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c, mark front of row d.
5  [_][_][_][*][*][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 1a.
2  [*][_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1f, bomb.
1  [_][X][X][X][_][*]     R6. Bomb twice, then capture 2a.
                          R7. Capture 3c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 5a.
                          R9. Capture 6a.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 100020                                                Rotations: 6/7
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [X][X][X][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
3  [*][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
2  [X][X][_][*][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 5f, mark spot 4e.
1  [_][X][X][X][*][X]     R6. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 5e is
                              protected.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 100100                                               Rotations: 10/?
-----------------

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
5  [_][*][X][X][X][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [*][_][_][_][*][X]     R3. Capture 2d.
3  [X][X][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][X][_][*][_][X]     R5. Capture 2a, mark front of row f.
1  [_][X][X][_][X][X]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Wait.
                          R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 5f.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 100102                                                Rotations: 9/9
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][*][*][*][X][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [X][X][X][_][X][X]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1f.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb, mark spot 4b.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][X][X][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 6b.
                          R7. Capture 5d, bomb, mark spot 4f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb.
                          R9. Capture 6f.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 100112-201100                                       Rotations: 10/11
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [X][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 4c.
5  [_][_][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, mark row c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 2c.
2  [*][X][_][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [_][X][X][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb, capture 2a.
                          R7. Capture 1e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 1d, bomb.
                          R9. Capture 2d.
                          R10. Capture 6b.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 100112-211011                                       Rotations: 12/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [_][_][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 1f.
3  [X][X][X][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2a, mark front of row c.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][X][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 2c, re-mark spot 2c.
                          R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 4c.
                          R9. Capture 1d, bomb, re-mark spot 1d.
                          R10. Wait.
                          R11. Capture 3d.
                          R12. Capture 4d.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 100200                                                Rotations: 6/6
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [*][_][_][_][*][X]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb, re-mark spot 2a.
3  [X][X][_][_][_][X]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][X][_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 4a.
1  [_][X][X][*][X][X]     R6. Bomb twice.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 101001                                              Rotations: 14/15
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f.
3  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [_][X][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 3d.
1  [_][X][_][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 4d, mark spot 4f.
                          R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 6f.
                          R9. Capture 1a, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 2a.
                          R11. Capture 3a, mark spot 1c.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Capture 3c, bomb.
                          R14. Capture 4c, bomb.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 101012-002100                                        Rotations: 9/11
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
5  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [X][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
3  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1f.
2  [X][X][*][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 2c.
1  [_][X][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 1e, mark front of row d.
                          R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 2d, bomb.
                          R9. Capture 6f.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 101012-102111                                       Rotations: 11/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b, mark row d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
3  [*][*][_][X][*][X]     R4. Capture 1f, bomb.
2  [_][X][*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3e.
1  [_][X][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 1c.
                          R7. Capture 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 1a.
                          R9. Capture 2a.
                          R10. Bomb, capture 3a.
                          R11. Capture 3c.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 101012-111111                                       Rotations: 13/14
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][*][X][*][X]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [*][X][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4e.
1  [_][X][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 3a.
                          R7. Capture 1c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb, capture 2c.
                          R9. Capture 3c.
                          R10. Capture 4c, mark front of row b.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 2b, bomb.
                          R13. Capture 5e.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 101012-111211                                       Rotations: 10/11
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [*][X][_][X][*][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 3a.
2  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 1f.
1  [_][X][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 1c, bomb, mark front of row b.
                          R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 2b.
                          R9. Bomb, capture 2c.
                          R10. Capture 3c.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 101012-200111                                       Rotations: 11/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][X][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a, mark spot 2d.
2  [*][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][X][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 4d, bomb.
                          R7. Bomb, then capture 4f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 1c, mark spot 4d.
                          R9. Bomb.
                          R10. Capture 6d.
                          R11. Capture 6a, bomb.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 101112                                               Rotations: 9/10
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R2. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][*][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 1c, mark spot 3f.
2  [*][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][X][_][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 5f.
                          R7. Capture 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 2d, bomb.
                          R9. Capture 6a.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 101121-000111                                         Rotations: 8/9
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1e.
4  [_][_][X][*][X][X]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 4d.
2  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
1  [_][X][_][_][*][_]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Bomb, capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 6b, bomb.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 101121-210112                                        Rotations: 9/10
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2d.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][X][_][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 4d.
                          R7. Capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 6b.
                          R9. Bomb.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 101210                                                Rotations: 7/7
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][*][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
3  [X][*][*][*][*][*]     R4. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R5. Bomb, bomb, capture 2a, mark front of row b.
1  [_][X][_][*][_][X]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Bomb, capture 2b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 102001-001110                                         Rotations: 6/6
------------------------                                              Brilliant

6  [X][X][X][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
5  [X][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
4  [X][_][_][*][_][X]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][X]     R4. Capture 3a, bomb, bomb.
2  [X][X][_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 6e.
1  [_][X][*][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 1f, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 102001-011101                                       Rotations: 11/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 3e.
5  [X][X][*][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
4  [X][*][_][*][X][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
3  [X][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Bomb, capture 1f.
2  [X][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 2f, re-mark spot 2f.
1  [_][X][*][X][X][_]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Capture 4f, mark spot 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Wait.
                          R9. Capture 5e.
                          R10. Wait.
                          R11. Bomb, bomb, then capture 5c.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 102210                                              Rotations: 13/14
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [X][X][_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
3  [*][X][X][*][X][*]     R4. Capture 3d, mark front of row f.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][X][*][*][_][X]     R6. Capture 2f.
                          R7. Bomb, then capture 3f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 4d.
                          R9. Capture 2b.
                          R10. Bomb, then capture 3a, mark spot 2c.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 4c.
                          R13. Capture 4f, bomb.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 110000                                              Rotations: 10/12
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][*]     R2. Capture 1a, mark front of row e.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [*][*][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2e, mark spot 1a.
2  [X][_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Bomb.
1  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 3a.
                          R7. Capture 1b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 2b.
                          R9. Capture 5f, mark spot 4e.
                          R10. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5e is protected.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 110001                                                Rotations: 8/8
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark row e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
3  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb, start running up.
2  [X][*][*][*][*][X]     R5. Capture 6c.
1  [_][_][X][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 6d, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 110002-101111                                       Rotations: 11/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
3  [*][X][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 2a, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
1  [_][_][X][X][X][*]     R6. Capture 1b, mark spot 4e.
                          R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 6e.
                          R9. Capture 3c, bomb, re-mark spot 3c.
                          R10. Wait.
                          R11. Capture 5c.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 110002-101121                                       Rotations: 12/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][*][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
3  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a, bomb.
2  [_][X][_][_][*][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 3a.
1  [_][_][X][X][X][*]     R6. Capture 1b.
                          R7. Capture 3c, bomb, re-mark spot 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Wait.
                          R9. Capture 5c, mark spot 4f.
                          R10. Wait.
                          R11. Bomb, then capture 5f.
                          R12. Bomb.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 110010                                                Rotations: 7/?
-----------------

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
4  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R3. Bomb.
3  [*][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Bomb, then capture 3a.
2  [X][_][X][*][X][X]     R5. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [_][_][X][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 2b, bomb.
                          R7. Capture 1e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 110020-010111                                       Rotations: 10/11
------------------------                                         True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 3c.
5  [*][_][*][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [X][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
3  [X][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2b, bomb.
2  [X][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3b, mark spot 4f.
1  [_][_][X][X][*][X]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Capture 6f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 1a, bomb.
                          R9. Capture 4b.
                          R10. Bomb.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 110020-202012                                       Rotations: 10/11
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark front of row f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2f.
2  [*][X][*][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 1e.
1  [_][_][X][X][*][X]     R6. Capture 2a.
                          R7. Capture 1b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 2e, bomb.
                          R9. Wait.
                          R10. Bomb.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 110121                                              Rotations: 10/11
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, re-mark spot 1a.
3  [*][_][*][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
2  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
1  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 1b, bomb.
                          R7. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Mark spot 3c.
                          R9. Wait.
                          R10. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 5c is
                               protected.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 110211                                                Rotations: 8/8
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
4  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Bomb, bomb, then capture 2f.
3  [_][*][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1d.
2  [X][X][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][X][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 1b, bomb.
                          R7. Capture 1e, mark spot 4d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5d is protected.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 111012                                              Rotations: 13/14
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
4  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
3  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1f.
2  [*][X][*][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 1e.
1  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 1f.
                          R7. Bomb, capture 1a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 2a.
                          R9. Capture 1b.
                          R10. Capture 3d, bomb.
                          R11. Capture 4d.
                          R12. Bomb, then capture 3c.
                          R13. Capture 6f.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 111022                                              Rotations: 11/12
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
3  [*][*][X][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1e.
2  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c, mark row d.
1  [_][_][_][X][*][*]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 1f.
                          R9. Capture 2c, mark spot 2d.
                          R10. Bomb.
                          R11. Capture 4d.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 111100                                                Rotations: 9/9
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
5  [_][_][*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
3  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b.
2  [*][X][X][_][*][*]     R5. Bomb, capture 1c.
1  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 1d, mark spot 1c.
                          R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb, capture 3c.
                          R9. Bomb.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 111101                                              Rotations: 12/13
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
4  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [*][_][*][_][*][*]     R4. Bomb, bomb, then capture 3a.
2  [X][X][X][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb, re-mark spot 1f.
1  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Capture 3f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 1b, bomb.
                          R9. Capture 1c.
                          R10. Capture 1d.
                          R11. Bomb, capture 2d.
                          R12. Capture 3d.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 111121                                              Rotations: 15/16
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][X][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
3  [*][_][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [X][X][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 1b.
1  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Capture 3b, mark spot 1c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Wait.
                          R9. Bomb.
                          R10. Capture 4c, mark spot 1c again.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 3c, bomb, mark spot 2d.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Capture 4d.
                          R15. Capture 4a.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 111122-002111                                       Rotations: 10/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
4  [_][_][X][X][*][*]     R3. Wait.
3  [*][_][_][X][X][*]     R4. Capture 3a.
2  [X][X][*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1e, bomb, bomb to erase advantage zone.
1  [_][_][_][_][*][*]     R6. Capture 1b.
                          R7. Capture 3f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 1c.
                          R9. Capture 3c, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 6a.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 111122-220100                                         Rotations: 9/?
------------------------

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [*][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
3  [*][*][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
2  [*][*][X][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][_][*][*]     R6. Capture 1c.
                          R7. Capture 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 2d, bomb.
                          R9. Capture 6d.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 111211                                                Rotations: 8/9
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
5  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [X][*][_][_][*][X]     R3. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][X][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 2a.
2  [_][X][*][*][_][X]     R5. Bomb, capture 3a.
1  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 1b.
                          R7. Bomb, capture 1f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 3d.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 112001                                              Rotations: 11/12
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f.
3  [*][X][*][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1c.
2  [_][*][X][_][*][*]     R5. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][*][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 1b.
                          R7. Capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb, then capture 3a, mark spot 1c.
                          R9. Wait.
                          R10. Bomb, then capture 3c.</pre><pre id="faqspan-20">                          R11. Capture 2b.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 112101                                                Rotations: 7/7
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, bomb, mark spot 4f.
4  [_][_][X][*][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 6f, bomb.
2  [X][_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1c.
1  [_][_][*][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 3c.
                          R7. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 4c is
    a  b  c  d  e  f          protected.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 112111                                               Rotations: 9/10
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
5  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [X][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, bomb, then capture 1c.
3  [_][_][X][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1f
2  [*][_][_][X][X][*]     R5. Capture 2f.
1  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1a.
                          R7. Capture 2a, then bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 2c.
                          R9. Bomb, capture 1e.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 112121                                                Rotations: 6/7
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 4a.
5  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a.
3  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, bomb, then capture 1e.
2  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a.
1  [_][_][*][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 1f, bomb, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 121000                                              Rotations: 10/10
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
5  [_][*][*][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 2a.
4  [*][X][_][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [X][X][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 4a, mark front of row d.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][*][_][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 2d, bomb, mark spot 4f.
                          R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 6f.
                          R9. Capture 3c, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 4c.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 121001                                              Rotations: 11/13
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1f.
3  [X][X][_][X][*][*]     R4. Capture 2f.
2  [*][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 3f, mark row e.
1  [_][*][_][X][X][_]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb, capture 1e.
                          R9. Capture 3c, mark spot 3f.
                          R10. Bomb while Forbidden Qube at 4f is protected.
                          R11. Bomb.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 121002-111021                                         Rotations: 8/9
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [*][X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 3a, mark spot 2c.
2  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [_][*][_][X][X][*]     R6. Capture 4c, bomb.
                          R7. Capture 6d, mark spot 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5c is protected.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 121002-111101                                       Rotations: 12/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [_][X][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
3  [*][_][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 3b, mark spot 2c.
1  [_][*][_][X][X][*]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Bomb, then capture 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 4a, mark spot 2d.
                          R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 4d, bomb.
                          R11. Capture 2f.
                          R12. Capture 6f.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 121010                                              Rotations: 11/12
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 4f, bomb, mark front of row d.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][*]     R2. Wait.
4  [*][X][*][X][*][*]     R3. Capture 2d.
3  [_][X][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 3a.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 4a.
                          R7. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb, then capture 4c.
                          R9. Capture 1c.
                          R10. Capture 2e.
                          R11. Bomb.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 121011                                              Rotations: 11/13
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [X][_][_][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 3b.
3  [X][*][X][*][X][X]     R4. Capture 1f.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 2f, re-mark spot 2f.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
                          R7. Capture 4f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 1e, bomb.
                          R9. Capture 3d.
                          R10. Capture 4b, mark spot 3d.
                          R11. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4d is protected.

-------------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 121012-111110-101010                                Rotations: 10/11
-------------------------------                                   True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][*][X][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [*][X][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
3  [_][X][_][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 4a.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 3c.
                          R7. Capture 4c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 1e.
                          R9. Capture 2e, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 3e.

-------------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 121012-111110-101101                                Rotations: 10/11
-------------------------------                                   True Genius!!

6  [_][*][*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][*][*][*][*][*]     R2. Capture 1f.
4  [_][*][*][*][*][*]     R3. Capture 1e.
3  [_][X][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 2e.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 3d.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 1b, then bomb, mark spot 1f.
                          R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb, capture 3f.
                          R9.  Bomb, capture 3c.
                          R10. Bomb, capture 3a.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 121012-111111                                         Rotations: 8/8
------------------------                                              Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, mark front of row d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
4  [X][X][*][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 2d.
3  [*][*][_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1f.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 4c, mark spot 2d.
                          R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 4d, bomb.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 121012-211011                                         Rotations: 8/8
------------------------                                              Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
5  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, mark spot 2e.
4  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 4e.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 2c.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][*]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Capture 5b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5c is protected.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 121012-211111                                         Rotations: 7/7
------------------------                                              Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][*][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 2c.
3  [X][X][X][X][*][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4c.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 4f, bomb.
                          R7. Capture 4e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 121020                                                Rotations: 7/9
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [*][X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 2a.
3  [X][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][*][*][*]     R5. Capture 4a.
1  [_][*][_][X][*][X]     R6. Capture 3b.
                          R7. Bomb, then capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 121112                                               Rotations: 11/?
-----------------

6  [_][_][_][_][*][*]     R1. Capture 3d.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
4  [_][*][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [X][X][_][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 1d.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 3c, mark spot 2f.
1  [_][*][_][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb.
                          R7. Capture 4f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb, then capture 4d, mark spot 2e.
                          R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 4e, mark spot 4d.
                          R11. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 5d is
                               protected.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 121121                                              Rotations: 10/10
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3f.
5  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1e.
4  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 3d.
1  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 1b.
                          R7. Bomb, capture 1f, mark spot 3b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb.
                          R9. Capture 5b.
                          R10. Bomb.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 121210                                                Rotations: 7/8
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
5  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][_][*][X]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1b, mark front of row f.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2f, bomb twice, mark front of 4a.
1  [_][*][_][*][_][X]     R6. Bomb.
                          R7. Capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 121211-112100                                         Rotations: 6/6
------------------------                                              Brilliant

6  [_][*][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 3f.
5  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1b.
4  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f, bomb, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1e.
2  [_][_][*][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 4a, mark spot 3b.
1  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R6. Bomb 3 times while Forbidden Qube in 4b is
                              protected.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 121211-121110                                         Rotations: 6/6
------------------------                                              Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3a.
3  [*][X][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][X]     R5. Bomb.
1  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R6. Bomb, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 121221                                                Rotations: 9/9
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
5  [_][*][*][X][X][*]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 2f.
4  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [X][X][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 4f.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 4d.
1  [_][*][_][*][*][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 4e.
                          R7. Capture 5f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Wait.
                          R9. Bomb.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 200001                                                Rotations: 9/9
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
3  [X][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 2f, mark front of row e.
2  [X][_][*][_][_][*]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][X][X][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 2e, mark spot 4d.
                          R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 6d.
                          R9. Capture 3e, bomb.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 200100                                              Rotations: 10/10
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][*][_][X]     R1. Capture 2e.
5  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark front of row c.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][*][X]     R5. Bomb, capture 2c, re-mark spot 2c.
1  [*][X][X][_][X][X]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Capture 4c, mark spot 4a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Wait.
                          R9. Capture 6a.
                          R10. Bomb, bomb.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 200110                                               Rotations: 9/11
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3f.
5  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
4  [*][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
3  [_][_][X][X][*][*]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 2d, mark row c.
1  [*][X][X][_][_][X]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Capture 2c, bomb, re-mark spot 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Wait.
                          R9. Capture 4c.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 200111                                              Rotations: 10/11
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][X][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
3  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 1f.
2  [_][_][_][X][X][*]     R5. Capture 2f.
1  [*][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d, mark spot 2c.
                          R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb.
                          R9. Capture 5c.
                          R10. Capture 6f.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 200112-011112                                       Rotations: 10/10
------------------------                                              Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, mark front of row b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b.
3  [_][*][_][*][X][X]     R4. Capture 1f, then bomb.
2  [X][_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1d.
1  [*][X][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 2d.
                          R7. Bomb, then capture 3d, mark front of row c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Wait.
                          R9. Capture 2c.
                          R10. Capture 3c, bomb.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 200112-111011                                       Rotations: 13/14
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [X][X][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][X][X][X][*]     R3. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1f, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 3f.
1  [*][X][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 4f, mark spot 1d.
                          R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 3d, bomb.
                          R9. Capture 3c, mark spot 3d.
                          R10. Wait.
                          R11. Capture 5d, mark spot 4b.
                          R12. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 5b is
                               protected.
                          R13. Bomb.

-------------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 200112-121011-111102                                Rotations: 10/11
-------------------------------                                   True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
5  [_][_][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 1f, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 3f, mark spot 3d.
1  [*][X][X][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Bomb, then capture 5d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 5b.
                          R9. Bomb, then capture 6b.
                          R10. Capture 5a, bomb.

-------------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 200112-121011-111101                                 Rotations: 11/?
-------------------------------

6  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][*][X][*]     R3. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1f, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 3f, bomb.
1  [*][X][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 4f.
                          R7. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb, then capture 4d.
                          R9. Capture 5b.
                          R10. Wait.
                          R11. Bomb.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 200121                                              Rotations: 12/13
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3f.
5  [_][_][X][*][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, mark front of row b.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R4. Wait.
2  [X][_][_][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 2b, mark front of row c.
1  [*][X][X][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb.
                          R7. Capture 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb, capture 1f.
                          R9. Bomb, capture 1d.
                          R10. Bomb, capture 2d.
                          R11. Capture 3c.
                          R12. Capture 4c.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 201000                                              Rotations: 11/12
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d, mark row f.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Bomb.
4  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark row d.
2  [_][*][X][_][_][*]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][X][_][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 2d, bomb.
                          R7. Capture 1c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb.
                          R9. Capture 6a.
                          R10. Capture 6b.
                          R11. Capture 5f, bomb.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 201102                                                Rotations: 6/6
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
4  [_][*][X][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 1c.
2  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][X][_][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 3c, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 201121                                                Rotations: 7/7
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
5  [X][X][_][*][X][X]     R2. Bomb, bomb, then capture 1a.
4  [*][*][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1f.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5d.
1  [*][X][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 5c.
                          R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 201210-111111                                        Rotations: 9/10
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 2f.
5  [X][*][X][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [*][_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 4c, mark spot 2f.
1  [*][X][_][*][_][X]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 5f, then bomb.
                          R9. Capture 5b.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 201210-111121                                         Rotations: 9/9
------------------------                                              Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
5  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
3  [X][_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 2f.
2  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 2a.
1  [*][X][_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d, bomb.
                          R7. Capture 3b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 3c, re-mark spot 3c.
                          R9. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 4c is
                              protected.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 202222                                                Rotations: 3/5
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [*][*][*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 4f.
5  [*][*][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, mark front of row b.
4  [*][*][*][_][X][_]     R3. Bomb until clear while Forbidden Qube in 1b is
3  [*][*][*][_][_][_]         protected.
2  [*][*][*][*][*][*]
1  [*][X][*][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 210000-111102                                         Rotations: 9/?
------------------------

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
5  [*][X][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark front of row c.
4  [X][X][X][*][_][_]     R3. Bomb, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2c, mark spot 3a.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R5. Bomb.
1  [*][_][X][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 5a, mark front of row d.
                          R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 2d, bomb.
                          R9. Capture 3d.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 210000-111122                                         Rotations: 7/8
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2e.
5  [_][_][*][*][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark front of row c.
4  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
3  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2c.
2  [_][_][_][_][*][*]     R5. Capture 3c.
1  [*][_][X][X][X][X]     R6. Bomb, capture 5f, mark spot 3c.
                          R7. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 4c is
    a  b  c  d  e  f          protected.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 210000-211121                                       Rotations: 10/10
------------------------                                              Brilliant

6  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb, mark row c.
5  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c, mark row e.
3  [X][X][X][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Bomb again, then capture 2e, mark spot 2c.
1  [*][_][X][X][X][X]     R6. Bomb.
                          R7. Capture 4c, mark spot 4d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Wait.
                          R9. Capture 6d.
                          R10. Bomb.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 210001                                                Rotations: 7/8
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
4  [X][X][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, mark front of row c.
3  [*][_][_][_][*][*]     R4. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 2c.
1  [*][_][X][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 3c.
                          R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 210002-110121                                        Rotations: 9/10
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
5  [_][_][*][X][X][*]     R2. Capture 1f.
4  [X][X][_][*][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 3a, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][X][X][*]     R6. Capture 5f.
                          R7. Capture 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb, then capture 5c, mark spot 4d.
                          R9. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 5d is
                              protected.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 210002-111111                                       Rotations: 12/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, mark front of row c.
4  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][X][_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 2c, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][X][X][*]     R6. Capture 3a.
                          R7. Capture 4a, mark spot 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Wait.
                          R9. Capture 4d, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 3c.
                          R11. Capture 4c, bomb.
                          R12. Capture 5d.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 210002-111120                                        Rotations: 12/?
------------------------

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, mark front of row e.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2e, mark front of row d.
2  [_][_][_][_][*][X]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][X][X][*]     R6. Capture 2d, bomb.
                          R7. Capture 1a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 3a.
                          R9. Capture 3c, re-mark spot 3c.
                          R10. Bomb.
                          R11. Capture 5c.
                          R12. Bomb.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 210011                                                Rotations: 8/9
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
4  [X][X][_][_][*][*]     R3. Capture 2f.
3  [_][*][_][X][X][X]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][*][X][_]     R5. Capture 1e, bomb, mark front of row c.
1  [*][_][X][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Capture 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 3c, bomb.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 210012-111011                                       Rotations: 10/11
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [X][X][X][_][*][*]     R3. Capture 1f, bomb, mark front of row c.
3  [*][_][_][_][X][X]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 2c, mark spot 2f.
1  [*][_][X][X][_][*]     R6. Bomb.
                          R7. Bomb, then capture 4f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 3c, bomb.
                          R9. Capture 4d, re-mark spot 4d.
                          R10. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5d is protected.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 210012-121111                                         Rotations: 8/8
------------------------                                              Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [X][*][X][X][*][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1f.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 5b.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5f.
1  [*][_][X][X][_][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 5e, mark front of row d.
                          R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 2d, bomb.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 210012-211111                                        Rotations: 14/?
------------------------

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [_][*][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
4  [_][X][_][_][*][*]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, mark front of row d.
3  [X][_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2d, mark spot 2a.
1  [*][_][X][X][_][*]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Bomb, capture 4a, mark spot 2f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Wait.
                          R9. Bomb, then capture 4f.
                          R10. Capture 3b, bomb.
                          R11. Capture 3c, mark spot 2d.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Capture 4d, bomb.
                          R14. Capture 4c.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 210020                                                Rotations: 6/6
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark front of row c.
4  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
3  [*][*][X][*][*][*]     R4. Capture 2c.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][X][*][X]     R6. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 210021-110111                                       Rotations: 11/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 3c.
5  [_][_][X][X][X][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [*][X][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
1  [*][_][X][X][*][_]     R6. Capture 4a.
                          R7. Capture 5f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb, then capture 4c, mark spot 4e.
                          R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 6e.
                          R11. Bomb.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 210021-211000                                         Rotations: 9/?
------------------------

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3b.
3  [X][*][X][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1f.
2  [*][_][_][X][X][X]     R5. Bomb, then capture 1e.
1  [*][_][X][X][*][_]     R6. Mark spot 1f.
                          R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 3f.
                          R9. Bomb.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 210100                                                Rotations: 8/?
-----------------

6  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
5  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][*][*][_]     R4. Capture 3a, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][X][X][*]     R5. Bomb, then capture 4a, mark spot 2b.
1  [*][_][X][_][X][X]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Capture 4b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 6e, bomb.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 210101                                              Rotations: 11/12
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
4  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2f.
3  [X][X][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb, mark row c.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 2c.
                          R7. Bomb, capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
                          R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 3d, bomb.
                          R11. Capture 4d.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 210111                                              Rotations: 10/11
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
3  [*][X][*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
2  [_][*][_][*][X][*]     R5. Capture 2f.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1e.
                          R7. Capture 1a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 3a.
                          R9. Capture 6f.
                          R10. Bomb, then capture 3c.

-------------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 210112-110011-111011                                  Rotations: 5/?
-------------------------------

6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
4  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb 3 times.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 4e.
2  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-------------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 210112-110011-221202                                Rotations: 10/10
-------------------------------                                       Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
5  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f, bomb.
3  [*][*][_][*][X][*]     R4. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 4a, mark spot 1d.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Bomb, then capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 3f.
                          R9. Wait.
                          R10. Bomb.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 210112-111012                                         Rotations: 9/?
------------------------

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
5  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
3  [_][*][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 4d.
                          R7. Capture 3f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 5d.
                          R9. Bomb.

-------------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 210112-121011-111111                                  Rotations: 8/9
-------------------------------                                   True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
5  [*][X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1f.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
2  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 4d.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 5a.
                          R7. Capture 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb, bomb.

-------------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 210112-121011-200112                                 Rotations: 9/10
-------------------------------                                   True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
5  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 3d.
3  [*][X][X][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 5d.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 1d, bomb, mark front of row c.
                          R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 2c.
                          R9. Capture 3a.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 210112-211111                                        Rotations: 9/10
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][*][X][_][X]     R3. Capture 1d.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 2d.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3d, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 3a.
                          R7. Bomb, bomb, then capture 1f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 3c, bomb.
                          R9. Capture 4e.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 210121-001112                                       Rotations: 10/11
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb, mark front of row c.
5  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1a.
2  [X][X][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1b.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 3c, mark spot 2d.
                          R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb, capture 4d, re-mark spot 4d.
                          R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 6d.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 210121-110111                                        Rotations: 7/10
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [*][X][X][X][_][X]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2a.
3  [X][_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4a.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 3b.
                          R7. Capture 4e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 210121-110211                                         Rotations: 6/7
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 3f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Wait.
3  [X][X][*][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 5f, mark spot 2a.
2  [_][_][X][*][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 4a, bomb, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-------------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 210121-111111-000111                                 Rotations: 7/10
-------------------------------                                   True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 5a, bomb.
5  [*][*][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][X][*][X][*]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4d.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4f, mark row c.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Capture 2c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-------------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 210121-111111-121111                                  Rotations: 5/6
-------------------------------                                   True Genius!!

6  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
5  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, the capture 1a.
4  [_][_][*][X][_][*]     R3. Bomb, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4f, mark spot 4a.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 5a is
1  [*][_][X][_][*][_]         protected.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 210122-101111                                         Rotations: 9/?
------------------------

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][*][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
2  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a, bomb, mark spot 2c.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][*]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Bomb, then capture 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 2a, mark spot 4c.
                          R9. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5c is protected

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 210122-121211                                         Rotations: 7/8
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark row c.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R3. Wait.
3  [X][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2c, mark spot 3e.
2  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R5. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4e is protected.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][*]     R6. Clear mark.
                          R7. Capture 3c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 210212                                              Rotations: 10/11
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2b.
5  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][*][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 4b.
3  [X][X][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1d.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][*][_][*]     R6. Capture 1f, bomb, mark spot 2f.
                          R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 4f, mark spot 2a.
                          R9. Bomb.
                          R10. Capture 4a.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 210222-111222                                         Rotations: 7/8
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2a.
3  [X][X][_][X][X][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][*][*][*]     R5. Capture 4a.
1  [*][_][X][*][*][*]     R6. Capture 3c.
                          R7. Capture 3f, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 210222-221222                                         Rotations: 8/8
------------------------                                              Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb, mark front of row c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
3  [X][_][X][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [*][*][_][*][*][*]     R5. Capture 3b.
1  [*][_][X][*][*][*]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 211000-110012                                       Rotations: 11/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][*][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 3d, mark front of row f.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f.
3  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 3a.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
                          R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 3c, bomb, mark spot 4f.
                          R9. Bomb.
                          R10. Capture 6f.
                          R11. Capture 4d, bomb.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 211000-110112                                       Rotations: 10/11
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][*]     R2. Bomb, bomb, then capture 1a.
4  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb, re-mark spot 1c.
3  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 3c.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][X]     R6. Bomb, then capture 5f, mark spot 4d.
                          R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb, then capture 6d, mark spot 3c.
                          R9. Bomb.
                          R10. Capture 5c.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 211000-221122                                         Rotations: 7/8
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2c, mark spot 4f.
2  [*][*][_][_][*][*]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 6f, bomb.
                          R7. Capture 5d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 211001-100121                                         Rotations: 8/8
------------------------                                              Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
5  [_][*][*][X][X][X]     R2. Bomb, capture 1a.
4  [_][_][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
2  [_][X][X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 2a, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 1f, bomb, mark spot 4f.
                          R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb, capture 6f.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 211002                                                Rotations: 7/8
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb once only, mark row d.
5  [*][X][_][_][_][X]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][X][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 4c.
2  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 1f.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][*]     R6. Capture 4a.
                          R7. Bomb, capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 211010                                              Rotations: 10/12
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3f.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][*][X][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
3  [_][X][*][X][_][*]     R4. Bomb.
2  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 3c.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 1e, mark spot 2b.
                          R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb, then capture 4b.
                          R9. Capture 3a.
                          R10. Capture 4a, bomb.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 211011                                              Rotations: 11/11
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 2f.
3  [*][_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
2  [X][X][*][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 1e.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1c.
                          R7. Bomb, then capture 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 1b.
                          R9. Bomb, capture 3f.
                          R10. Bomb.
                          R11. Capture 6d.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 211012                                                Rotations: 8/9
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][*][*][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
4  [_][*][*][*][*][_]     R3. Capture 3e.
3  [X][X][_][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 4e.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 1c, bomb, re-mark spot 1c.
                          R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 3c, bomb.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 211100-110111                                       Rotations: 12/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][*][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
3  [*][X][*][X][*][_]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3c.
1  [*][_][_][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 1d.
                          R7. Capture 2d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb, then capture 3e, mark front of row f.
                          R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 2f.
                          R11. Capture 3f, bomb.
                          R12. Capture 3a.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 211100-110112                                       Rotations: 13/14
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
5  [_][_][_][_][*][X]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [*][X][*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 3a.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4a.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1c.
1  [*][_][_][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 1c.
                          R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 3c.
                          R9. Capture 2d.
                          R10. Capture 3d.
                          R11. Capture 4c.
                          R12. Capture 5e, mark spot 4f.
                          R13. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5f is protected.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 211102                                                Rotations: 8/9
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][*][*]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [_][*][*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, mark spot 1c.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][_][X][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 3c.
                          R7. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 3a, bomb.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 211110                                                Rotations: 8/8
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
5  [*][_][*][_][X][*]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a, bomb 3 times.
2  [_][X][X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 5f.
1  [*][_][_][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 1b.
                          R7. Capture 1c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 1d.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 211111                                              Rotations: 13/14
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
5  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
4  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
3  [*][X][_][*][_][X]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][X][X][*]     R5. Capture 2f.
1  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3a.
                          R7. Capture 1c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 1e.
                          R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 3e, bomb, mark spot 1c.
                          R11. Wait, run around to right side of puzzle.
                          R12. Capture 3c.
                          R13. Capture 4d.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 211112-000011                                         Rotations: 8/9
------------------------                                          True Genius!!
</pre><pre id="faqspan-21">6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
4  [_][*][X][X][X][X]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_][*][*]     R4. Capture 1b.
2  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c.
1  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 1c.
                          R7. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 3c, bomb.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 211112-121012                                        Rotations: 9/10
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, mark spot 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Wait.
3  [X][X][_][*][X][X]     R4. Capture 3d.
2  [_][*][_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 1c.
1  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 1a, bomb.
                          R7. Capture 1c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 2c.
                          R9. Capture 3c, bomb.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 211121-110212                                         Rotations: 7/9
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
4  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 1c.
3  [X][_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][*][_][*]     R5. Capture 3c.
1  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 1a, bomb.
                          R7. Capture 3b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 211121-112111                                         Rotations: 5/6
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
4  [X][*][X][X][*][_]     R3. Bomb, bomb, then capture 4b.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 211122                                               Rotations: 9/10
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4b.
5  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1e.
4  [_][*][_][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb again to clear mark.
3  [_][X][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4f.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c.
1  [*][_][_][_][*][*]     R6. Capture 3a, bomb.
                          R7. Capture 4d, mark spot 1c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb.
                          R9. Capture 3c.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 220000-110112                                       Rotations: 10/11
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark row d.
4  [*][X][_][X][*][_]     R3. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 4c, mark row f.
1  [*][*][X][X][X][X]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Capture 2f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb, capture 4a.
                          R9. Wait.
                          R10. Bomb.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 220000-111110                                         Rotations: 7/9
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3f.
5  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark front of row e.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][*][*]     R4. Capture 2e, bomb, mark front of row d.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][*][X][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 2d.
                          R7. Capture 5c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 220002                                                Rotations: 8/8
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
5  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
4  [*][*][*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, mark row d.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2d.
1  [*][*][X][X][X][*]     R6. Capture 5f, bomb.
                          R7. Capture 6f, mark spot 4b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5b is protected.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 220012                                               Rotations: 8/8
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb, mark front of row c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 2c.
3  [X][X][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1f, mark front of row d.
2  [*][*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
1  [*][*][X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 2d.
                          R7. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 3c, bomb.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 220101                                                Rotations: 7/7
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [X][_][_][*][_][X]     R1. Capture 3f.
5  [X][X][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 5c, mark spot 1d.
1  [*][*][X][_][X][_]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Capture 3d, bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 220112                                                Rotations: 7/7
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
4  [_][*][_][*][_][X]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 2d, re-mark spot 2d.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][*][X][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 4d.
                          R7. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 220222                                               Rotations: 6/10
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark front of row c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2c.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
1  [*][*][X][*][*][*]     R6. Bomb, capture 3b.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-------------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 221012-111111-110001                                Rotations: 11/12
-------------------------------                                   True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [*][X][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [_][X][_][*][X][*]     R3. Capture 1f, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 4a.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3f.
1  [*][*][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 4f.
                          R7. Capture 5a, mark spot 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Wait.
                          R9. Bomb, then capture 4d, mark spot 2c.
                          R10. Wait.
                          R11. Capture 4c, bomb.

-------------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 221012-111111-210102                                  Rotations: 8/?
-------------------------------

6  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [X][_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f, bomb.
3  [*][_][X][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 3f, mark spot 2c.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][*][_][X][_][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 4c.
                          R7. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 4b, bomb.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 221012-111211                                         Rotations: 8/8
------------------------                                              Brilliant

6  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb, mark front of row d.
5  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
4  [_][X][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][X][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 4a.
2  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 5a.
1  [*][*][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 6a, bomb.
                          R7. Capture 1f, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Capture 3f.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 221112-111011                                       Rotations: 12/14
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 3d.
5  [_][_][*][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][X][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 3c, re-mark spot 3c.
1  [*][*][_][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
                          R7. Bomb, capture 5c, mark spot 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Wait.
                          R9. Capture 5e, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 4f.
                          R11. Capture 5f.
                          R12. Capture 3a.

------------------------
6x6 Puzzle 221112-111012                                        Rotations: 8/10
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
4  [X][_][X][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][X][*][X][X]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1f, bomb again, mark spot 3a.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][*][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 5a.3:46 PM 11/8/05
                          R7. Capture 4b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 221121                                                Rotations: 8/9
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][*][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [X][_][_][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4e.
2  [*][*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4f.
1  [*][*][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 2c.
                          R7. Capture 3c, mark spot 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R8. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 4d is
                              protected.

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 222100                                                Rotations: 7/7
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

6  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb, mark front of row f.
5  [X][_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Bomb.
4  [X][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][X][*][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 3f, then bomb, mark spot 4e.
2  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R5. Wait.
1  [*][*][*][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 6e.
                          R7. Capture 3a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x6 Puzzle 222222                                                Rotations: 6/8
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a.
1  [*][*][*][*][*][*]     R6. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e  f


   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     3.5.2 FIFTH STAGE, WAVES 3 &amp; 4 - 6x7 PUZZLES
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000001-012211                                         Rotations: 9/9
------------------------                                              Brilliant

7  [_][_][*][*][_][Z]     R1. Capture 4a, mark row d.
6  [X][X][X][_][X][X]     R2. Wait.
5  [X][*][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 2d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1f, bomb.
3  [X][_][_][*][_][X]     R5. Capture 2f, bomb.
2  [X][_][*][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 5b.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][_]     R7. Capture 6d.
                          R8. Capture 7d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000001-111211                                       Rotations: 13/13
------------------------                                              Brilliant

7  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2d, mark front of row a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Bomb, bomb.
5  [X][X][X][X][_][X]     R3. Capture 2a.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1f.
3  [_][_][*][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 2f.
2  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 3a.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][_]     R7. Capture 4a.
                          R8. Capture 5e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 6e, mark spot 4d.
                          R10. Bomb.
                          R11. Capture 6d, mark spot 4c.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Capture 6c.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000001-211111                                        Rotations: 14/?
------------------------

7  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
5  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f, mark front of row e.
4  [_][_][_][*][*][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 2e, mark front of row d.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][_]     R7. Capture 2d, mark front of row c.
                          R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 2c, mark spot 2d.
                          R10. Wait.
                          R11. Capture 4d, mark spot 4a.
                          R12. Bomb.
                          R13. Bomb, then capture 6a.
                          R14. Bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000001-212101                                        Rotations: 9/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [X][X][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 4e, mark front of row c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
4  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1f.
3  [_][*][*][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 2f, bomb, bomb.
2  [*][_][*][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 3f.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][_]     R7. Capture 6c.
                          R8. Bomb, capture 7c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 7d.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000002-112221                                       Rotations: 10/10
------------------------                                              Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 1f, mark front of row e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Wait.
5  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e, mark front of row a.
4  [X][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
3  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 2a, mark spot 5f.
2  [_][_][*][*][*][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 7f.
                          R8. Capture 6e, mark spot 4d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb.
                          R10. Capture 6d.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000002-122111                                       Rotations: 11/11
------------------------                                              Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c, mark front of row e.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
5  [_][X][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e, bomb, mark front of row f.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 2f.
2  [_][*][*][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 1f.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 5d.
                          R8. Capture 5a, mark spot 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Wait.
                          R10. Bomb, capture 6c.
                          R11. Capture 7f.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000002-122211                                         Rotations: 8/8
------------------------                                              Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 4a, mark front of row c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
3  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1f, mark front of row a.
2  [_][*][*][*][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 2a, bomb.
                          R8. Capture 5f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000002-211111                                         Rotations: 8/9
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1f, mark front of row a.
5  [*][_][X][*][_][*]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2a, mark front of row d.
3  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2d.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 5a, mark spot 5d.
                          R8. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 6d is
    a  b  c  d  e  f          protected.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000002-211121                                       Rotations: 11/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1f, mark front of row b.
5  [_][_][X][*][_][*]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2b, bomb, mark front of row c.
3  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 2c.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 5f.
                          R8. Capture 5d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 3c.
                          R10. Capture 5e, bomb.
                          R11. Capture 7a, bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000010-011111                                       Rotations: 11/11
------------------------                                              Brilliant

7  [X][X][X][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2d.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 2e, mark front of row c.
4  [_][*][_][_][X][X]     R4. Wait.
3  [X][X][*][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 2c.
2  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3c, mark front of row b.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][X]     R7. Wait.
                          R8. Capture 2b, bomb, mark front of row f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb.
                          R10. Capture 2f.
                          R11. Capture 7d.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000010-012210                                        Rotations: 9/10
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2d.
6  [X][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
5  [X][*][X][X][_][X]     R3. Capture 5e, bomb.
4  [X][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 5b, mark spot 4d.
3  [X][_][_][_][_][X]     R5. Wait.
2  [X][_][*][*][_][X]     R6. Capture 6d, mark spot 4c.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][X]     R7. Bomb.
                          R8. Capture 6c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 6b.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000010-022020                                         Rotations: 7/9
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2e, mark front of row c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [*][*][*][*][*][*]     R5. Capture 2c.
2  [X][*][*][X][*][X]     R6. Capture 3e.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][X]     R7. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000010-111121                                         Rotations: 7/9
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][*][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a, bomb 4 times.
6  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
5  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2e, mark front of row d.
4  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb 4 times.
3  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 2d, re-mark spot 2d.
2  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][X]     R7. Capture 4d.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000010-221122                                       Rotations: 10/11
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][X][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e, mark front of row a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a, mark front of row c.
2  [*][*][_][_][*][*]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][X]     R7. Capture 2c, bomb, mark spot 4d.
                          R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 6d.
                          R10. Capture 7a.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 000011                                                Rotations: 9/9
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f, bomb, mark front of row a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [*][*][*][*][*][*]     R3. Capture 2a, mark front of row c.
4  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R4. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 2c, mark front of row d.
2  [*][*][_][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 2d.
                          R8. Bomb, capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb, capture 3c.

-------------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000012-111111-211012                                Rotations: 10/12
-------------------------------                                   True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a, bomb.
6  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, mark front of row d.
5  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 2d, mark front of row c.
3  [*][_][_][X][_][*]     R5. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2c.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 5b.
                          R8. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 3c.
                          R10. Bomb, capture 4c.

-------------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000012-111111-211021                                Rotations: 12/14
-------------------------------                                   True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, mark front of row d.
5  [X][X][X][_][_][*]     R3. Bomb.
4  [_][_][*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d, mark front of row c.
3  [*][_][_][X][*][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, bomb, capture 2c.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 3c.
                          R8. Capture 4c, mark spot 4a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 6a.
                          R11. Bomb.
                          R12. Capture 7a.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000012-111121                                       Rotations: 12/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [X][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, mark front of row b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2b, mark front of row c.
3  [*][X][*][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 2c, mark front of row d.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R7. Wait.
                          R8. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 3c.
                          R10. Capture 3a.
                          R11. Capture 7f.
                          R12. Bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000012-112111                                         Rotations: 7/7
------------------------                                              Brilliant

7  [X][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [X][X][*][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, mark row a.
5  [X][X][X][_][X][X]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][*][X][X]     R4. Capture 2a.
3  [X][_][_][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 5d, bomb, mark spot 2a.
2  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 4a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000012-121111                                       Rotations: 12/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R2. Bomb, bomb, then capture 1f, mark front of row d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Bomb.
4  [*][_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 2d, mark spot 3f.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 5f, mark spot 5b.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R7. Bomb.
                          R8. Capture 7b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 3d, bomb, re-mark spot 3d.
                          R10. Bomb.
                          R11. Capture 5d.
                          R12. Capture 5c.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000012-211111                                       Rotations: 10/10
------------------------                                              Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, bomb.
5  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3f, mark row d.
4  [*][_][_][X][*][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][*]     R5. Capture 2d, bomb, mark row c.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 2c, bomb.
                          R8. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 4c.
                          R10. Capture 5c.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000012-211121                                       Rotations: 10/10
------------------------                                              Brilliant

7  [_][_][X][X][_][X]     R1. Capture 1f, bomb, mark row d.
6  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d, mark row a.
4  [*][_][_][*][_][*]     R4. Bomb.
3  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2a, mark row c.
2  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 2c, mark spot 4a.
                          R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 6a.
                          R10. Capture 7e, bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000012-222111                                         Rotations: 9/9
------------------------                                              Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, mark front of row d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 2d, mark spot 2f.
3  [*][*][*][X][X][X]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][*][*][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 4f.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R7. Bomb.
                          R8. Capture 7e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 7f.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000020-112111                                       Rotations: 10/10
------------------------                                              Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [X][*][X][X][*][X]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][*][_][*]     R4. Bomb, mark front of row c.
3  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2c.
1  [X][X][X][X][*][X]     R7. Bomb.
                          R8. Capture 5b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Wait.
                          R10. Bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000020-121120                                       Rotations: 10/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2b, mark front of row a.
6  [_][*][*][*][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb 3 times, then capture 1e, mark row f.
3  [X][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][_][*][X]     R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 2f is protected.
1  [X][X][X][X][*][X]     R7. Clear mark, mark front of row c.
                          R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 2c, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 3b.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000020-210111                                         Rotations: 8/?
------------------------

7  [X][_][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, mark front of row a.
5  [*][_][X][_][*][X]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 5e.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 5d.
1  [X][X][X][X][*][X]     R7. Capture 5a, bomb.
                          R8. Capture 7b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000020-222222                                       Rotations: 11/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, mark front of row a.
6  [X][X][X][X][X][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5f.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5e.
2  [*][*][*][*][*][*]     R6. Capture 6f, mark front of row c.
1  [X][X][X][X][*][X]     R7. Wait.
                          R8. Capture 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb.
                          R10. Wait.
                          R11. Bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 000101                                              Rotations: 12/13
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][X][X][X][_][*]     R1. Capture 3a.
6  [X][_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1f, mark front of row c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2c.
3  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2f.
2  [X][_][*][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 1d, mark spot 3a.
1  [X][X][X][_][X][_]     R7. Bomb.
                          R8. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 6f.
                          R10. Capture 7f, mark spot 5a.
                          R11. Bomb.
                          R12. Capture 7a.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 000102                                                Rotations: 8/9
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f, mark row b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [X][X][X][X][*][X]     R3. Bomb, capture 2b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 1d.
3  [*][_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 5e.
1  [X][X][X][_][X][*]     R7. Wait.
                          R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 000111                                              Rotations: 10/11
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][*][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [*][X][X][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 2f, bomb, mark spot 1d.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R5. Bomb.
2  [*][*][X][X][_][*]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
                          R8. Capture 5d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb, then capture 6a, mark spot 5b.
                          R10. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6b is protected.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000112-210121                                       Rotations: 11/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, mark front of row a.
5  [_][*][_][X][_][X]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb, bomb, then capture 2a, mark spot 4f.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 6f, bomb.
1  [X][X][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 5e, bomb.
                          R8. Capture 6e, mark spot 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Wait.
                          R10. Wait.
                          R11. Capture 6d.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000112-211012                                        Rotations: 9/11
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f, bomb, mark row a.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 1d.
3  [_][*][_][X][_][X]     R5. Capture 3e, mark row c.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][*]     R6. Bomb, run around column of Forbidden Qubes.
1  [X][X][X][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 2c.
                          R8. Capture 7a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 3c.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000112-212111                                       Rotations: 10/10
------------------------                                              Brilliant

7  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, mark front of row a.
5  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][*][X][*]     R4. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 1f, bomb, bomb, mark spot 2f.
2  [*][_][*][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 4f.
                          R8. Capture 2d, re-mark spot 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb.
                          R10. Capture 4d.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000112-221011                                         Rotations: 8/9
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f.
6  [_][X][X][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, mark front of row b.
5  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, bomb, then capture 2b.
3  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [*][*][_][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb, mark spot 5b.
                          R8. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6b is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000121-021112                                       Rotations: 11/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2b, mark row c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
4  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [X][X][*][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2d.
2  [X][*][_][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 4d.
                          R8. Bomb, capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Wait.
                          R10. Wait.
                          R11. Capture 4c, bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000121-210111                                       Rotations: 10/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, mark front of row a.
5  [*][_][*][X][_][*]     R3. Bomb.
4  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 2a, mark spot 3c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 5c, mark spot 3f.
1  [X][X][X][_][*][_]     R7. Wait.
                          R8. Capture 5f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb, then capture 5a.
                          R10. Bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 000122                                                Rotations: 7/9
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 3d.
4  [*][_][_][_][*][*]     R4. Bomb, capture 4d, mark spot 4c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][*][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][_][*][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 7c.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000200-000100                                         Rotations: 5/6
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
6  [_][*][*][*][*][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][*][*][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
4  [_][*][*][*][*][_]     R4. Bomb, bomb.
3  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [X][X][X][_][X][X]
1  [X][X][X][*][X][X]

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000200-112121                                        Rotations: 9/10
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, mark front of row a.
6  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][X][X][X][X][*]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb, mark spot 4d.
4  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 6d.
2  [_][_][*][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 3a, bomb, bomb.
1  [X][X][X][*][X][X]     R7. Bomb, then capture 5f, mark spot 3a.
                          R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 5a, bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 000200-121111                                       Rotations: 13/14
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1d, mark front of row f.
5  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 2f, mark front of row e.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, bomb, capture 2e.
1  [X][X][X][*][X][X]     R7. Capture 2d.
                          R8. Capture 2e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 3f, mark spot 4a.
                          R10. Wait.
                          R11. Capture 6a, mark spot 4b.
                          R12. Bomb.
                          R13. Capture 6b.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 000210                                               Rotations: 9/10
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, mark front of row b.
5  [*][_][X][X][*][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2b, bomb, bomb, mark spot 2a.
3  [X][_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][*][_][X]     R7. Capture 5a.
                          R8. Capture 3b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 1e, bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 001000-011112                                       Rotations: 14/15
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 5d.
6  [_][*][_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
5  [X][X][X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2c, re-mark spot 2c.
4  [X][X][*][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 4c, mark row f.
2  [X][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 2f, mark row d.
                          R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb, capture 2d.
                          R10. Capture 5e.
                          R11. Capture 5f, mark row b.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Capture 2b.
                          R14. Capture 6f, bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 001000-021112                                       Rotations: 11/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][X][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b, mark front of row d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][*][_][X]     R3. Capture 2d, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
3  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2c, bomb.
2  [X][*][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 3d, re-mark spot 3d.
1  [X][X][_][X][X][X]     R7. Wait.
                          R8. Capture 5d, mark front of row f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb.
                          R10. Bomb, then capture 2f.
                          R11. Capture 7a, bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 001010-201120                                       Rotations: 11/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3f, mark front of row a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
5  [_][_][*][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, mark front of row d.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][*][_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 2d, bomb.
2  [*][X][_][_][*][X]     R6. Capture 1e, bomb.
1  [X][X][_][X][_][X]     R7. Bomb, then capture 2e.
                          R8. Capture 1c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 2c.
                          R10. Capture 6a.
                          R11. Bomb, capture 7a.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 001010-210112                                       Rotations: 12/12
------------------------                                              Brilliant

7  [_][_][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a, mark front of row f.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
5  [*][_][X][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 2f, mark front of row d.
4  [_][_][X][X][*][_]     R4. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2d.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
1  [X][X][_][X][_][X]     R7. Bomb.
                          R8. Bomb, capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 1e.
                          R10. Capture 3d.
                          R11. Capture 5a.
                          R12. Capture 5f, bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 001012                                                Rotations: 8/9
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
5  [X][*][_][*][X][*]     R3. Capture 3f.
4  [X][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 4f.
3  [X][_][*][_][X][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 5f.
2  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1c, mark front of row d.
1  [X][X][_][X][_][*]     R7. Bomb.
                          R8. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 001102-220111                                       Rotations: 11/11
------------------------                                              Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, re-mark spot 1c.
5  [*][_][X][X][X][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3c.
3  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1f.
2  [*][*][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d.
1  [X][X][_][_][X][*]     R7. Bomb, bomb, mark spot 4e.
                          R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 6e.
                          R10. Capture 5f, bomb.
                          R11. Capture 5a, bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 001102-220121                                       Rotations: 10/11
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, mark front of row a.
5  [_][_][X][X][*][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [*][*][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 1d.
1  [X][X][_][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 5f.
                          R8. Capture 5e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 5a.
                          R10. Bomb, capture 5b.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 001112                                               Rotations: 13/?
-----------------

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [*][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1c, mark front of row b.
3  [*][X][X][*][*][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 2b.
1  [X][X][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 2c.
                          R8. Capture 3a, mark spot 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Wait.
                          R10. Bomb, then capture 3d.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Bomb.
                          R13. Bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 001210                                                Rotations: 8/9
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [X][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [X][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, then bomb, mark front of row f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][*][*][X][*][*]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 3f, then bomb.
1  [X][X][_][*][_][X]     R7. Wait.
                          R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 001222                                                Rotations: 7/7
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][*][_][X]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb, mark front of row a.
6  [_][_][*][_][X][_]     R2. Bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
4  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, bomb.
1  [X][X][_][*][*][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 6f.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 002000                                              Rotations: 10/12
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
6  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, mark row f.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Wait.
4  [X][_][*][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 2f, mark row e.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R5. Bomb.
2  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2e, re-mark spot 2e.
1  [X][X][*][X][X][X]     R7. Wait.
                          R8. Capture 4e, mark spot 3a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb.
                          R10. Capture 5a, bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 002012                                               Rotations: 9/10
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [*][*][_][*][*][X]     R5. Capture 1f, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 3e, mark spot 2f.
1  [X][X][*][X][_][*]     R7. Wait.
                          R8. Capture 4f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 5a, bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 002112                                              Rotations: 11/12
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c, mark front of row a.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [*][*][_][*][X][_]     R5. Capture 3a, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d.
1  [X][X][*][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 3f.
                          R8. Capture 4f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb, capture 5f.
                          R10. Capture 6f, bomb while running to left.
                          R11. Capture 5a.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 010002                                                Rotations: 9/?
-----------------

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
5  [X][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1f.
4  [X][X][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2b, mark front of row d.
3  [X][X][X][*][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [X][_][X][X][*][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][_][X][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 3d.
                          R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 010022                                               Rotations: 16/?
-----------------

7  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R2. Capture 1f, mark front of row d.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Bomb.
4  [_][_][*][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 2d, mark front of row c.
3  [*][X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2c.
1  [X][_][X][X][*][*]     R7. Capture 1b, mark spot 2c.
                          R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 4c, mark front of row a.
                          R10. Bomb.
                          R11. Capture 2a.
                          R12. Capture 4f.
                          R13. Capture 5f.
                          R14. Capture 6f.
                          R15. Capture 7a.
                          R16. Bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 011012-111012                                         Rotations: 8/9
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1b.
5  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1f, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][X][*][X]     R5. Capture 3e, mark spot 4c.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][_][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 6c, bomb, bomb.
                          R8. Capture 7d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 010112-121011                                        Rotations: 9/10
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1f, bomb.
3  [*][_][_][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 1d.
2  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb 3 times, then capture 3f.
1  [X][_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 4d.
                          R8. Capture 5d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 4f, bomb, bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 010112-210121                                       Rotations: 10/11
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 4c.
6  [_][*][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [X][X][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 1d, mark front of row a.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 2a.
1  [X][_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 2d.
                          R8. Bomb, capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb.
                          R10. Bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 011122                                              Rotations: 10/10
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [_][*][*][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
5  [*][X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 5a.
2  [*][_][X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 1d, mark spot 1c.
1  [X][_][_][_][*][*]     R7. Bomb.
                          R8. Bomb, capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 4c.</pre><pre id="faqspan-22">                          R10. Bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 011210                                              Rotations: 10/12
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c, bomb, mark spot 3b.
6  [_][X][_][_][*][_]     R2. Bomb.
5  [X][*][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 5b.
4  [X][X][X][*][X][X]     R4. Capture 4d, mark front of row a.
3  [X][_][_][_][_][X]     R5. Wait.
2  [X][_][*][_][_][X]     R6. Bomb.
1  [X][_][_][*][_][X]     R7. Bomb.
                          R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 6a.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 012101                                              Rotations: 13/14
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [*][_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f.
4  [_][_][*][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb, mark front of row a.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][X]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 2a, mark spot 2c.
1  [X][_][*][_][X][_]     R7. Wait.
                          R8. Bomb, then capture 4c, mark spot 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb.
                          R10. Capture 7a.
                          R11. Capture 3d, bomb.
                          R12. Capture 3e.
                          R13. Capture 7c.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 012111                                                Rotations: 9/9
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [_][_][_][_][*][X]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [*][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2f.
3  [_][_][X][*][*][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
2  [_][*][_][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 3b, bomb.
1  [X][_][*][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 3d.
                          R8. Capture 6e, mark spot 5f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6f is protected.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 012112                                              Rotations: 11/11
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
5  [X][X][X][X][X][_]     R3. Capture 1f, bomb, mark spot 2c.
4  [X][X][*][X][_][*]     R4. Wait.
3  [X][X][X][X][_][X]     R5. Capture 4c.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3e.
1  [X][_][*][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 4e, mark spot 2f.
                          R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb, then capture 4f.
                          R10. Mark spot 4e.
                          R11. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5e is protected.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 020012                                                Rotations: 9/9
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, mark front of row d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d, bomb.
4  [*][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 1f, bomb.
2  [*][_][*][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3f, mark spot 2e.
1  [X][*][X][X][_][*]     R7. Wait.
                          R8. Capture 4e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 4f, bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 020020                                                Rotations: 8/9
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1e, mark front of row a.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Mark front of row c.
2  [*][_][*][*][_][*]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][*][X][X][*][X]     R7. Capture 2c, mark spot 4d.
                          R8. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5d is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 020121-000111                                         Rotations: 8/?
------------------------

7  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
6  [_][X][X][X][*][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1b, mark spot 3d.
5  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 5d.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb.
2  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 6a.
1  [X][*][X][_][*][_]     R7. Wait.
                          R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 020121-000112                                         Rotations: 7/?
------------------------

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [*][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1b.
5  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 5e.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 5f.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [X][X][X][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb.
1  [X][*][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 6a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 020121-100111                                         Rotations: 9/9
------------------------                                              Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, mark spot 2f.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [*][_][*][_][*][X]     R5. Capture 4f.
2  [_][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 3e.
1  [X][*][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 3d.
                          R8. Capture 4d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 021110                                                Rotations: 8/8
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [X][_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1b.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][*][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][*][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][*][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 5f.
1  [X][*][_][_][_][X]     R7. Bomb, capture 5e.
                          R8. Capture 5a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 022211                                                Rotations: 7/8
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f.
4  [X][X][*][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 3e.
3  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4c, so all Advantage Zones are in a line.
2  [X][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 3f.
1  [X][*][*][*][_][_]     R7. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 100000                                               Rotations: 9/10
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [X][X][X][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Bomb twice, then capture 2a, mark row c.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
3  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 2c, re-mark spot 2c.
2  [*][_][_][X][*][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [_][X][X][X][X][X]     R7. Wait.
                          R8. Capture 5c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 7f.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 100002                                              Rotations: 12/13
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 5a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1f.
5  [*][_][*][*][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
4  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a, bomb.
2  [X][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 5d.
1  [_][X][X][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 5f, then bomb, mark row b.
                          R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 2b, mark row c.
                          R10. Wait.
                          R11. Capture 2c.
                          R12. Capture 3b.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 100011                                              Rotations: 10/10
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [X][*][X][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 2e, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1f.
2  [X][*][*][*][_][X]     R6. Capture 6b, mark spot 5e.
1  [_][X][X][X][_][_]     R7. Wait.
                          R8. Bomb, then capture 7e, mark spot 1f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb.
                          R10. Capture 3f.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 100012                                              Rotations: 13/14
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [*][*][*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
6  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, mark front of row c.
5  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2c.
3  [_][_][_][*][X][_]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [*][X][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 2a.
1  [_][X][X][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 3f.
                          R8. Bomb, then capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 3c.
                          R10. Capture 4c, re-mark spot 4c.
                          R11. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5c is protected.
                          R12. Bomb, clear mark, mark spot 5b.
                          R13. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 6b is
                               protected.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 100112-012011                                        Rotations: 10/?
------------------------

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1f, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 3f, bomb.
3  [*][*][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 1d.
2  [X][_][*][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb, bomb, then capture 4f, mark front of row b.
1  [_][X][X][_][_][*]     R7. Wait, run back towards upper right corner.
                          R8. Capture 2b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 6c, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 7c.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 100112-111011                                       Rotations: 10/11
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, mark row b.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Bomb.
4  [X][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 2b.
3  [X][*][*][X][*][_]     R5. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 2a, bomb.
1  [_][X][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 3b.
                          R8. Capture 4b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 1d.
                          R10. Capture 4e, bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 100121                                              Rotations: 10/10
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, re-mark spot 1a.
4  [_][_][*][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [*][*][X][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a, mark front of row b.
2  [X][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb.
1  [_][X][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 2b.
                          R8. Bomb, capture 7f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 7a.
                          R10. Bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 101002-120111                                       Rotations: 11/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [*][_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, mark front of row d.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d, bomb.
3  [X][_][X][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 5f.
2  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1c.
1  [_][X][_][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 1a, bomb.
                          R8. Capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 3b.
                          R10. Capture 7a, bomb.
                          R11. capture 7c.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 101002-200111                                        Rotations: 14/?
------------------------

7  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
6  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [_][_][*][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
2  [*][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [_][X][_][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 3c.
                          R8. Capture 5f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 3d, mark spot 3c.
                          R10. Wait.
                          R11. Bomb, then capture 5c, mark spot 3d.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Capture 5d.
                          R14. Bomb, bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 101010                                                Rotations: 9/9
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
6  [_][_][X][X][_][X]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [*][*][_][_][*][*]     R3. Capture 2a.
4  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a, bomb, re-mark spot 3a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][X][*][*][*][X]     R6. Capture 5a.
1  [_][X][_][X][_][X]     R7. Bomb, capture 1c.
                          R8. Capture 1e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 6e.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 101112                                              Rotations: 10/11
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1f, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 3f.
3  [_][_][*][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 2a.
2  [_][*][X][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 1c.
1  [_][X][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 1d, bomb, re-mark spot 1d.
                          R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 3d.
                          R10. Capture 6a, bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 101121                                              Rotations: 13/14
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][*][X][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
4  [_][*][_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 2c, mark spot 2b.
3  [_][X][X][_][_][*]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 4b, mark spot 3d.
1  [_][X][_][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb.
                          R8. Capture 5d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 5f.
                          R10. Capture 1a.
                          R11. Bomb, capture 2a.
                          R12. Capture 3a.
                          R13. Capture 7a, bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 101210-011112                                         Rotations: 9/9
------------------------                                              Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [X][*][*][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, re-mark spot 1a.
4  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][*][*][_]     R5. Capture 3a, mark front of row b.
2  [X][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb.
1  [_][X][_][*][_][X]     R7. Bomb, capture 2b.
                          R8. Capture 3b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 101210-101110                                       Rotations: 11/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [X][X][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a, bomb.
6  [_][X][X][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 2e.
5  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 5e, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][X][_][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 1a.
1  [_][X][_][*][_][X]     R7. Capture 2a, mark spot 2c.
                          R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 4c.
                          R10. Capture 7d.
                          R11. Capture 6a, bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 101222-111111                                       Rotations: 13/14
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
4  [_][_][*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
3  [*][X][X][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3d.
1  [_][X][_][*][*][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 3e, mark spot 2c.
                          R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb, then capture 4c, mark spot 3d.
                          R10. Wait.
                          R11. Capture 5d.
                          R12. Capture 5c.
                          R13. Capture 6d, bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 102011                                                Rotations: 9/9
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [X][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3f.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][X]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][*][_][*]     R3. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
3  [X][*][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 2e, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][*][_][X]     R6. Capture 1a.
1  [_][X][*][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 2a, bomb.
                          R8. Mark spot 5d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 6d is
                              protected.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 102012                                               Rotations: 12/?
-----------------

7  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [_][_][_][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
3  [X][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 1f, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 3f.
1  [_][X][*][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 4f.
                          R8. Capture 5f, mark spot 2e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Wait.
                          R10. Bomb, capture 4e.
                          R11. Bomb, capture 2c.
                          R12. Bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 102112                                                Rotations: 9/9
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][*][X][X]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 3f.
4  [X][*][*][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 4f.
2  [_][X][X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 5f.
1  [_][X][*][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 1a.
                          R8. Capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 3a, bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 110001                                                Rotations: 9/9
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
6  [_][*][*][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a, mark spot 5e.
2  [*][X][_][*][*][*]     R6. Wait.
1  [_][_][X][X][X][_]     R7. Capture 7e.
                          R8. Bomb, capture 1b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 3a, bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 110021                                              Rotations: 13/14
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
6  [_][*][_][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][X][_][X][_][X]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a, bomb.
2  [_][X][_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 4a.
1  [_][_][X][X][*][_]     R7. Capture 1b.
                          R8. Capture 1f, mark spot 4f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb.
                          R10. Bomb, then capture 6f.
                          R11. Bomb, capture 5e.
                          R12. Capture 5c.
                          R13. Capture 5a.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 110102                                              Rotations: 10/11
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2a.
3  [_][_][X][X][*][_]     R5. Capture 1d.
2  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2d, bomb, mark spot 2c.
1  [_][_][X][_][X][*]     R7. Wait.
                          R8. Capture 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 1b, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 6a, bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 110111                                              Rotations: 10/11
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [X][X][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1f, bomb.
3  [*][_][_][_][*][*]     R5. Capture 1e.
2  [X][*][*][*][X][X]     R6. Capture 1d, mark spot 1f.
1  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
                          R8. Capture 3f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb, capture 6c.
                          R10. Bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 110112-121021                                         Rotations: 8/8
------------------------                                              Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
5  [*][X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][*][*][_][*]     R4. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R5. Bomb, capture 1d.
2  [_][*][_][X][*][_]     R6. Capture 5a, mark spot 1d.
1  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
                          R8. Capture 3d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 110112-200121                                       Rotations: 10/11
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f, bomb, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 4f.
5  [*][_][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
4  [*][X][X][X][X][*]     R4. Bomb, bomb.
3  [_][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][X][X][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 4a.
1  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 1b.
                          R8. Bomb, then capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 3a.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 110112-201120                                        Rotations: 12/?
------------------------

7  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1e.
2  [*][X][_][_][*][X]     R6. Bomb, then capture 2e.
1  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 1b.
                          R8. Capture 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 2d.
                          R10. Bomb, capture 3d.
                          R11. Capture 6b.
                          R12. Capture 7b, then bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 110121-001112                                       Rotations: 10/11
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
6  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][*][*][X][X][*]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 1b, re-mark spot 1b.
3  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [X][X][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 3b.
1  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 5f, mark front of row c.
                          R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 2c, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 3c.

-------------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 110121-201111-110101                                Rotations: 12/14
-------------------------------                                   True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2c.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][*][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 4c.
3  [_][_][X][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 1a.
2  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1b.
1  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 3d.
                          R8. Bomb, bomb, then capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 3f.
                          R10. Bomb, then capture 4f.
                          R11. Capture 4d.
                          R12. Bomb.

-------------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 110121-201111-111102                                Rotations: 10/10
-------------------------------                                       Brilliant

7  [_][_][*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
6  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 2a.
5  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][*][*][_]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 1f, mark row c.
2  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 2c.
                          R8. Bomb, capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 3c.
                          R10. Capture 4c, bomb, bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 110200-101121                                         Rotations: 9/9
------------------------                                              Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
6  [_][*][*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
4  [*][X][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 3a, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 4a.
2  [_][X][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 1b, re-mark spot 1b.
1  [_][_][X][*][X][X]     R7. Bomb.
                          R8. Bomb, capture 3b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 110200-202121                                         Rotations: 9/?
------------------------

7  [*][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
6  [_][X][_][X][*][X]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1b.
2  [*][X][*][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [_][_][X][*][X][X]     R7. Capture 6e.
                          R8. Capture 6c, mark spot 5b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 6b is
                              protected.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 111012                                              Rotations: 12/12
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
6  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, mark front of row d.
5  [X][_][*][_][_][X]     R3. Bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][*]     R4. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][X][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 3d.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 2a.
                          R8. Capture 1b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 1c, bomb.
                          R10. Bomb, then capture 4f.
                          R11. Mark spot 4f.
                          R12. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5f is protected.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 111100                                              Rotations: 12/13
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
6  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][*][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2c, mark row f.
3  [*][*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [X][X][_][_][*][*]     R6. Capture 2f.
1  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 1c, bomb.
                          R8. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 1d.
                          R10. Capture 2d.
                          R11. Capture 3d, bomb.
                          R12. Capture 6b, bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 111121                                                Rotations: 8/8
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, re-mark spot 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 3a.
3  [*][*][_][*][_][*]     R5. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1c.
1  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 2c.
                          R8. Capture 3c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 112112-100021                                       Rotations: 10/10
------------------------                                              Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1f, bomb.
3  [X][*][_][*][X][*]     R5. Capture 1a.
2  [_][X][X][X][*][_]     R6. Capture 2a.
1  [_][_][*][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb, then capture 3f, mark spot 2a.
                          R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 4a.
                          R10. Bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 112112-111111                                         Rotations: 9/9
------------------------                                              Brilliant

7  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1f.
5  [*][_][_][*][X][_]     R3. Capture 4d, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Bomb, bomb, then capture 5d.
3  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4f.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 5f, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 6f.
                          R8. Capture 1a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 2a.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 112121                                               Rotations: 8/10
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [X][_][_][_][X][X]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][*][*][*]     R5. Capture 1b.
2  [*][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3a, mark spot 3f.
1  [_][_][*][_][*][_]     R7. Wait.
                          R8. Capture 5f, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 112221                                                Rotations: 9/9
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
6  [X][X][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb, re-mark spot 1a.
3  [_][*][*][*][*][*]     R5. Wait.
2  [X][X][_][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 3a.
1  [_][_][*][*][*][_]     R7. Capture 4a.
                          R8. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 6c, bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 121000                                              Rotations: 11/11
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
6  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 2b.
5  [_][_][*][X][X][X]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4b, mark front of row d.
3  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 2d, mark spot 4e.
1  [_][*][_][X][X][X]     R7. Bomb.
                          R8. Capture 6e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 3d, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 4d.
                          R11. Capture 7a.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 121011                                                Rotations: 6/9
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 3f.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, bomb, then capture 1b.
5  [X][*][*][*][*][_]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1f, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 2e.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 2f, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][_]

    a  b  c  d  e  f

--------------------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 121012-111011-111011-000021                           Rotations: 6/6
--------------------------------------                                Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
5  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 3b.
4  [X][X][X][X][*][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, bomb, then capture 5b.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][*]

    a  b  c  d  e  f

--------------------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 121012-111011-111011-101001                         Rotations: 11/11
--------------------------------------                                Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
6  [X][_][_][*][_][*]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1f, mark spot 3b.
5  [_][*][_][_][_][X]     R3. Bomb.
4  [_][X][_][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 5b.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 4f, re-mark spot 4f.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][*]     R7. Bomb, then capture 6f.
                          R8. Bomb 3 times, capture 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 4a.
                          R10. Capture 5a.
                          R11. Capture 6b.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 121012-111121                                         Rotations: 9/9
------------------------                                              Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, mark front of row d.
5  [_][*][*][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][X][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
3  [X][_][X][*][X][X]     R5. Bomb, then capture 3d.
2  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 3b, mark spot 2a.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][*]     R7. Bomb.
                          R8. Capture 4a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 121111-001002                                       Rotations: 12/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
6  [X][X][X][X][*][X]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2f.
3  [*][_][*][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1a.
2  [X][X][_][X][X][*]     R6. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 1d.
                          R8. Capture 1e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 2c.
                          R10. Capture 4d.
                          R11. Bomb, capture 5d.
                          R12. Capture 6e.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 121111-111001                                       Rotations: 11/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [*][*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
6  [*][_][X][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f.
4  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3f.
3  [_][X][X][_][*][*]     R5. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 3a, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 1d.
                          R8. Capture 1e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb, capture 5c.
                          R10. Bomb.
                          R11. Bomb, bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 121112                                                Rotations: 7/7
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb 3 times.
5  [_][*][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 4f.
4  [_][_][*][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 4b.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 5b.
2  [_][_][*][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 4a.
1  [_][*][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 5a, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 121120-111102                                         Rotations: 8/9
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
6  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
3  [*][_][*][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 3d, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_][*][X]     R7. Capture 7d.
                          R8. Bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 121120-111111                                         Rotations: 9/9
------------------------                                              Brilliant

7  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [_][_][*][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 5e.
3  [X][*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3b.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3c.
1  [_][*][_][_][*][X]     R7. Bomb.
                          R8. Capture 7a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 121121-111111                                         Rotations: 8/8
------------------------                                              Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
6  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1f, mark spot 3c.
3  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 5c, mark spot 4d.
1  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb.
                          R8. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 6d is
    a  b  c  d  e  f          protected.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 121121-211112                                         Rotations: 7/7
------------------------                                              Brilliant

7  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
6  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
5  [_][_][*][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 3d, bomb.
4  [_][_][*][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb until clear.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 121211                                              Rotations: 13/13
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 2c.
6  [_][_][*][X][X][X]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4c, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 4c.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 6c.
1  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R7. Capture 1f.
                          R8. Capture 2f, bomb, mark spot 5e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 7e.
                          R11. Capture 6a, bomb.
                          R12. Capture 7a.
                          R13. Capture 6b.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 122210                                                Rotations: 8/8
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
6  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3c, mark spot 2a.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [X][X][*][X][X][*]     R5. Bomb, then capture 4a.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, bomb, then capture 3f.
1  [_][*][*][*][_][X]     R7. Wait.
                          R8. Bomb, bomb, capture 7c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 200000                                               Rotations: 9/17
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, mark front of row d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [X][X][X][X][_][X]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2d, mark spot 4a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
3  [_][_][*][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 6a, mark front of row f.
2  [_][_][_][*][_][*]     R6. Wait.
1  [*][X][X][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 2f.
                          R8. Capture 5e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 7a.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 200012                                              Rotations: 14/11
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
6  [X][X][_][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark front of row d.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 2d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1f, mark front of row c.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb.
1  [*][X][X][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 2c.
                          R8. Capture 6c, mark spot 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4e is protected.
                          R10. Clear mark.
                          R11. Capture 5d, bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 200020                                              Rotations: 10/10
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
6  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark front of row b.
5  [X][X][_][X][_][*]     R3. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 1b is protected.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, clear mark, mark spot 4b.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][*][_][*]     R6. Capture 6b, mark spot 4d.
1  [*][X][X][X][*][X]     R7. Bomb.
                          R8. Capture 6d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb, then capture 5f.
                          R10. Capture 5c, bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 200101                                              Rotations: 14/14
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, capture 1a.
5  [_][X][X][X][*][*]     R3. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 2f.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 3f.
2  [X][_][*][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 4f.
1  [*][X][X][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 1d, mark spot 1a.
                          R8. Bomb,
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 3a, bomb, mark spot 4c
                          R10. Wait.
                          R11. Capture 6c.
                          R12. Capture 4a.
                          R13. Capture 5a.
                          R14. Capture 7c.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 200102-111011                                       Rotations: 12/12
------------------------                                              Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1f.
6  [X][X][*][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][X][X][*][X]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark front of row c.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [*][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 2c, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 5e.
1  [*][X][X][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 3c.
                          R8. Capture 4c, re-mark spot 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 6c, mark spot 5a.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 7a, bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 200102-121211                                        Rotations: 9/10
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
6  [_][*][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [*][X][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark spot 4f.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 6f.
1  [*][X][X][_][X][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 3d.
                          R8. Capture 5a, mark spot 4b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 5b is
                              protected.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 200110-111021                                       Rotations: 14/14
------------------------                                              Brilliant

7  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][X][X][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb, bomb, then capture 2e, mark front of row f.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 2f.
1  [*][X][X][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 1d.
                          R8. Capture 3c, re-mark spot 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Wait.
                          R10. Bomb, then capture 5c.
                          R11. Capture 6a.
                          R12. Capture 6d.
                          R13. Bomb, capture 6e.
                          R14. Bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 200110-111102                                       Rotations: 10/11
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][*][*][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2f.
6  [_][_][*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [X][_][X][X][_][*]     R3. Bomb, bomb, then capture 1a, mark front of row c.
4  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2c, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 1d.
1  [*][X][X][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 2d.
                          R8. Bomb, bomb, capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb, capture 4d.
                          R10. Bomb, capture 5b.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 200111                                              Rotations: 13/14
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
6  [X][X][_][*][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [*][_][_][X][X][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][_][*][X]     R4. Bomb, capture 1f.
3  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 2f.
2  [_][_][X][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 3f.
1  [*][X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 1d.
                          R8. Bomb, capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb, then capture 4e, mark spot 2d.
                          R10. Wait.
                          R11. Capture 4d, mark spot 3f.
                          R12. Bomb.
                          R13. Bomb, capture 5f.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 200112                                               Rotations: 12/?
-----------------

7  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 4e, mark spot 1d.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [*][X][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 3d, bomb, mark spot 2c.
                          R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 4c, re-mark spot 4c.
                          R10. Wait.
                          R11. Capture 6c.
                          R12. Capture 5a, bomb, bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 200121                                              Rotations: 10/11
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
6  [X][X][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][*][X][X][X][X]     R6. Bomb, mark spot 5a.
1  [*][X][X][_][*][_]     R7. Wait.
                          R8. Capture 7a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 6e, mark spot 5b.
                          R10. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6b is protected.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 201020                                              Rotations: 10/11
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
6  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][*][_][X][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][*][_][*]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a, mark front of row b.
2  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [*][X][_][X][*][X]     R7. Capture 2b.
                          R8. Capture 5f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 5d, bomb, mark spot 5b.
                          R10. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 6b is
                               protected.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 201022                                                Rotations: 9/9
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f, bomb.
6  [_][*][_][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1c.
5  [_][X][X][X][X][X]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark spot 4f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait while running back to left side of puzzle.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 6f, mark spot 4b.
2  [_][*][*][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [*][X][_][X][*][*]     R7. Bomb, then capture 6b.
                          R8. Capture 5a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 201101-110201                                        Rotations: 9/10
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
6  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [X][_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][*][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 2f, bomb, re-mark spot 2f.
3  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][*][X][_]     R6. Capture 4f.
1  [*][X][_][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 1d, bomb.
                          R8. Capture 1c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 5b.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 201101-120111                                       Rotations: 10/11
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [X][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][_][_][*][*]     R4. Capture 2f, bomb.
3  [_][_][*][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 1d, mark spot 2f.
2  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [*][X][_][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 4f.
                          R8. Capture 2d, bomb.</pre><pre id="faqspan-23">    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 1c.
                          R10. Bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 201112                                               Rotations: 9/10
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][_][*][*][_][X]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d.
2  [X][X][X][X][*][_]     R6. Capture 6d, mark spot 5f.
1  [*][X][_][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb.
                          R8. capture 7f, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 6a.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 201121-110111                                        Rotations: 9/10
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [*][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
5  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][X][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 3f, bomb, mark spot 4b.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [*][X][_][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 6b, mark spot 3c.
                          R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 5c.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 201121-120111                                       Rotations: 11/11
------------------------                                              Brilliant

7  [_][_][*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
6  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2d.
4  [_][_][_][*][X][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 4d.
2  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3f.
1  [*][X][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 4f.
                          R8. Bomb, then capture 5f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb, capture 3e, mark spot 5a.
                          R10. Wait.
                          R11. Capture 7a.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 201121-120112                                         Rotations: 8/9
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
6  [X][X][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 5a.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 7a, mark spot 5b.
2  [_][*][X][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
1  [*][X][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 7b, bomb, mark spot 5c.
                          R8. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6c is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 201212                                                Rotations: 6/8
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][*][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
4  [_][*][_][*][_][X]     R4. Bomb.
3  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 4e, mark spot 4a.
2  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 5a is
1  [*][X][_][*][_][*]         protected.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 202011                                              Rotations: 10/11
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
6  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [_][X][X][X][*][*]     R3. Capture 2f, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][*][X][*]     R4. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 3f.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 4f.
1  [*][X][*][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 5a.
                          R8. Bomb, then capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 1e.
                          R10. Bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 202101                                              Rotations: 10/10
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1c.
6  [*][_][*][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [X][*][X][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2f.
4  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb twice, then capture 5b, mark spot 5f.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R6. Wait.
1  [*][X][*][_][X][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 7f.
                          R8. Bomb, then capture 1a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 6e.
                          R10. Bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 210000                                              Rotations: 10/10
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f, mark front of row d.
6  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Bomb, bomb.
5  [*][*][_][_][*][*]     R3. Capture 2d.
4  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1a, mark front of row c.
3  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 2c.
1  [*][_][X][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 3c.
                          R8. Capture 3d, bomb, re-mark spot 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb.
                          R10. Capture 5d.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 210001                                              Rotations: 10/11
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 2f.
4  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [X][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3d.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 4d, mark spot 2a.
1  [*][_][X][X][X][_]     R7. Bomb.
                          R8. Capture 4a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 3b.
                          R10. Capture 4b, bomb, bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 210002                                              Rotations: 11/14
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 2f, mark front of row d.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Wait.
4  [*][X][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 2d, bomb.
3  [X][X][*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3d.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4d.
1  [*][_][X][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2a.
                          R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 4a.
                          R10. Capture 4c.
                          R11. Bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 210012                                              Rotations: 11/12
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [_][_][*][*][*][X]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark front of row c.
4  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2c, mark spot 3d.
2  [_][X][_][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][X][_][*]     R7. Bomb, then capture 5d.
                          R8. Capture 1b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 2a.
                          R10. Capture 3a.
                          R11. Bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 210022                                              Rotations: 10/10
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
6  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
5  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [*][*][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [X][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5e, re-mark spot 5e.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][X][*][*]     R7. Bomb, then capture 7e.
                          R8. Capture 5f, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 5d.
                          R10. Capture 3b.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 210100-110202                                         Rotations: 9/?
------------------------

7  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2f.
6  [_][*][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [X][X][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][X][*][X][*]     R6. Bomb, mark spot 5f.
1  [*][_][X][_][X][X]     R7. Wait.
                          R8. Bomb, bomb, then capture 7f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 210100-110211                                        Rotations: 11/?
------------------------

7  [*][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
6  [_][_][X][*][X][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [X][X][*][_][*][X]     R3. Capture 2d.
4  [X][X][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1a, mark front of row e.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R5. Bomb.
2  [_][_][X][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 2e, mark spot 2f.
1  [*][_][X][_][X][X]     R7. Wait.
                          R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 6f.
                          R11. Capture 6d.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 210101                                               Rotations: 9/10
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e, mark front of row c.
6  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Bomb.
5  [*][*][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
4  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][_][*][*][*]     R6. Capture 4a.
1  [*][_][X][_][X][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 5a.
                          R8. Capture 1d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 1f, bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 210102                                               Rotations: 11/?
-----------------

7  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [X][_][*][X][X][X]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1f.
4  [*][X][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 4a.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 3c.
1  [*][_][X][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 4c.
                          R8. Bomb, bomb, then capture 5c, mark spot 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 3d.
                          R11. Capture 4d, bomb.

-------------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 210112-111011-121101                                Rotations: 12/13
-------------------------------                                   True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [*][_][*][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [X][X][X][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 1f, bomb, mark row c.
3  [_][*][_][_][X][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 2c.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 3c, bomb, mark spot 1d.
                          R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 3d.
                          R10. Capture 3f.
                          R11. Capture 4f.
                          R12. Capture 5e.

-------------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 210112-111011-202102                                Rotations: 10/11
-------------------------------                                   True Genius!!

7  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 3c.
3  [*][X][*][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb, bomb, then capture 3f, mark spot 1d.
                          R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 3d, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 7f, bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 210112-111021                                       Rotations: 10/11
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
6  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [*][_][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f, bomb, mark row c.
4  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2c, bomb, mark spot 5f.
2  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 1d.
                          R8. Capture 4a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb, bomb, capture 5a.
                          R10. Bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 210112-112111                                        Rotations: 9/10
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][*][_][*]     R3. Capture 2d.
4  [_][*][_][*][X][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [X][X][X][X][*][_]     R5. Capture 1f, mark spot 2a.
2  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 4a.
                          R8. Capture 4f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 210112-121021                                         Rotations: 7/?
------------------------

7  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1f.
5  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5a.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 6a.
2  [_][*][_][X][*][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 5c.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 7f, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 210121-110111                                       Rotations: 10/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [_][X][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 3f.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][*]     R5. Capture 4a.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4c, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 5a.
                          R8. Capture 5c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb, mark spot 5c.
                          R10. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6c is protected.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 210121-110112                                         Rotations: 8/9
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [X][_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R2. Bomb, capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [*][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4d.
3  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4e.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 5e.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 7b.
                          R8. Capture 7c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-------------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 210121-111111-100111                                 Rotations: 9/10
-------------------------------                                   True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
6  [_][*][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [*][_][_][X][X][*]     R3. Capture 4d.
4  [_][_][X][*][_][X]     R4. Capture 4e.
3  [_][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a, mark spot 3f.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb 3 times, then capture 5f, mark row c.
                          R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 2c, bomb.

-------------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 210121-111111-111212                                  Rotations: 6/6
-------------------------------                                       Brilliant

7  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][*]     R3. Capture 4a, bomb, bomb.
4  [_][X][*][*][*][_]     R4. Capture 5f.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][*]     R5. Capture 5c.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb until clear.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 210122                                                Rotations: 9/9
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][_][*][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
5  [_][*][_][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 4f.
3  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5f.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3a, mark spot 2b.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][*]     R7. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3b is protected.
                          R8. Bomb, clear mark, bomb again.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 3c.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 210200                                                Rotations: 8/8
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [X][_][X][X][X][_]     R3. Bomb.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 4a, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][*][*][*][_]     R6. Capture 5b.
1  [*][_][X][*][X][X]     R7. Capture 5f, bomb.
                          R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 210201                                                Rotations: 8/9
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [X][*][X][X][X][_]     R3. Capture 1f, bomb.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb, then capture 4a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5b.
2  [_][_][*][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 5f.
1  [*][_][X][*][X][_]     R7. Bomb.
                          R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 210210                                                Rotations: 6/6
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [X][_][_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 3a.
3  [_][X][*][_][*][X]     R5. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 7f, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 210211                                                Rotations: 7/7
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1f, bomb.
3  [_][X][*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
2  [*][_][_][_][*][X]     R6. Bomb.
1  [*][_][X][*][_][_]     R7. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 211002                                               Rotations: 9/11
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 1f.
2  [_][_][X][*][*][_]     R6. Capture 5a.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 5b.
                          R8. Capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb, capture 7d.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 211011                                               Rotations: 11/?
-----------------

7  [_][_][_][_][*][*]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][*][X][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f.
4  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3f.
3  [_][X][_][_][*][*]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 3a, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 4a.
                          R8. Capture 1c, mark spot 5e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb.
                          R10. Capture 7e.
                          R11. Capture 1e, bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 211012-110001                                       Rotations: 10/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][*][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
4  [*][X][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 4c.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 5c.
                          R8. Capture 4a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 2f.
                          R10. Capture 7f, bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 211012-111011                                        Rotations: 11/?
------------------------

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
6  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 3e.
4  [*][_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 1c.
3  [X][X][_][X][*][X]     R5. Capture 2c.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2f.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][*]     R7. Wait.
                          R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 5f.
                          R10. Capture 3c.
                          R11. Capture 4c.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 211020-111111                                         Rotations: 7/8
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][*][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 6f.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][*]     R2. Bomb, capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [*][X][X][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 2c.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 3a, mark spot 2b.
1  [*][_][_][X][*][X]     R7. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3b is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 211020-210111                                        Rotations: 9/10
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 5c.
6  [_][_][*][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][X][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
3  [_][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a, bomb.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 5f.
1  [*][_][_][X][*][X]     R7. Run back and down left side.
                          R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb, capture 7a.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 211021                                               Rotations: 8/10
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][X][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 6a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [X][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1c.
4  [X][_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
3  [_][X][*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1f, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][X][*][_]     R7. Capture 5f, bomb.
                          R8. Capture 7a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 211100-120122                                         Rotations: 8/8
------------------------                                              Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [*][*][*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
4  [*][*][*][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3c, bomb.
2  [_][*][X][_][*][*]     R6. Capture 3a.
1  [*][_][_][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 1d.
                          R8. Capture 7f, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 211100-210112                                         Rotations: 9/9
------------------------                                              Brilliant

7  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [*][_][*][*][*][X]     R3. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3c, bomb.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 2d, bomb.
                          R8. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 4c, bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 211102-000011                                        Rotations: 12/?
------------------------

7  [X][_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [X][_][*][*][_][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 5f.
1  [*][_][_][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
                          R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb, capture 3d, re-mark spot 3d.
                          R10. Bomb, bomb.
                          R11. Bomb, capture 5d.
                          R12. Capture 5e.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 211102-110000                                       Rotations: 14/17
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
6  [_][_][*][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
4  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
3  [_][X][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 4a.
2  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 1c.
1  [*][_][_][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb, mark spot 1c.
                          R8. Wait while running around puzzle to right side.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 3c.
                          R10. Capture 4c, re-mark spot 4c.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 6c.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 211110                                              Rotations: 13/14
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
6  [_][*][_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb,
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, mark spot 1c.
3  [*][X][*][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][X][_][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 3c, mark spot 1d.
1  [*][_][_][_][_][X]     R7. Wait.
                          R8. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 1e.
                          R10. Bomb, bomb, then capture 3a.
                          R11. Capture 2e.
                          R12. Capture 4d, bomb.
                          R13. Capture 6f.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 211111                                                Rotations: 8/9
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f.
4  [*][*][X][*][*][*]     R4. Capture 1a, then bomb.
3  [*][X][_][*][*][*]     R5. Capture 3a, mark spot 2b.
2  [_][_][_][*][*][*]     R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3b is protected.
1  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
                          R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 211112-110000                                        Rotations: 11/?
------------------------

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][_][*][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [_][*][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [*][X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 4a, mark spot 5f.
                          R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb, capture 7f.
                          R10. Wait.
                          R11. Bomb.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 211112-110012                                       Rotations: 11/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
4  [*][X][X][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [X][_][*][*][X][_]     R5. Capture 1f, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 3b, mark spot 2a.
1  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
                          R8. Bomb, then capture 4a, mark spot 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Wait.
                          R10. Bomb, then capture 3d.
                          R11. Capture 3f.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 211120                                                Rotations: 8/?
-----------------

7  [X][X][X][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a, bomb.
3  [_][X][*][*][_][*]     R5. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 6f, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_][*][X]     R7. Capture 6e, bomb.
                          R8. Capture 7d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 211121                                                Rotations: 8/9
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [*][X][_][X][*][X]     R4. Capture 1c, mark spot 2a.
3  [X][X][_][*][_][*]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 4a.
1  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 4c.
                          R8. Bomb, then capture 4e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 212101                                              Rotations: 12/13
-----------------                                               True Genius!!

7  [*][_][*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [X][*][X][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, capture 1f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][*]     R5. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][_][X][*][X]     R6. Capture 4a.
1  [*][_][*][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 5a, bomb.
                          R8. Capture 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 6b.
                          R10. Capture 6e.
                          R11. Bomb, then capture 7e.
                          R12. Capture 6d, bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 212102                                                Rotations: 9/9
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][*][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [*][X][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 4c, mark spot 2a.
3  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 4a.
1  [*][_][*][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 4d.
                          R8. Bomb, then capture 5c, mark spot 4d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5d is protected.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 212112                                              Rotations: 11/11
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [_][X][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [*][*][_][_][*][*]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 2d.
3  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4d.
1  [*][_][*][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 5d.
                          R8. Capture 1e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 4b.
                          R10. Capture 4a, mark spot 4b.
                          R11. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5b is protected.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 220102                                              Rotations: 10/11
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [X][X][*][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1f.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 1b.
1  [*][*][X][_][X][*]     R7. Wait.
                          R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb.
                          R10. Capture 6f, bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 220122                                                Rotations: 8/?
-----------------

7  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R4. Mark spot 3e.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][*][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, bomb, then capture 5e, mark spot 3f.
1  [*][*][X][_][*][*]     R7. Wait.
                          R8. Capture 5f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 221000                                               Rotations: 8/11
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3a, mark spot 2c.
4  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4c.
2  [_][_][_][*][*][*]     R6. Bomb.
1  [*][*][_][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 7a.
                          R8. Capture 7b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 221012                                              Rotations: 11/14
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4f.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
4  [_][X][X][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][*][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 2c, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 3c.
1  [*][*][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 4a.
                          R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Wait.
                          R10. Bomb.
                          R11. Capture 7f, bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 221022                                              Rotations: 10/10
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f, bomb, mark front of row d.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3d.
3  [X][X][_][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][*][*]     R6. Capture 3c.
1  [*][*][_][X][*][*]     R7. Capture 4c, mark spot 2a.
                          R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 4a.
                          R10. Bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 221022                                              Rotations: 12/15
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [_][*][_][X][_][*]     R1. Capture 3f.
6  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
4  [_][X][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d, re-mark spot 2d.
3  [_][_][X][X][X][*]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 4d.
1  [*][*][_][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 4a, bomb.
                          R8. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 6a.
                          R10. Capture 1f.
                          R11. Capture 2f, bomb.
                          R12. Capture 7f, bomb.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 221121                                                Rotations: 8/8
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [_][_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 4d.
4  [_][*][X][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3b.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 3c, bomb.
1  [*][*][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 4e.
                          R8. Capture 4f, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 222101                                              Rotations: 11/11
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3f.
6  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [_][X][*][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, capture 1a.
4  [_][_][X][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R5. Bomb, capture 2f, mark spot 3c.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [*][*][*][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 5c.
                          R8. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Capture 6a and run around puzzle
                          R10. Bomb.
                          R11. Capture 6c.

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 222121                                                Rotations: 7/7
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb 4 times.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 3f.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4b, mark spot 3d.
4  [X][*][X][X][X][X]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb, capture 5d.
2  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 6d.
1  [*][*][*][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 7d.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x7 Puzzle 222211                                                Rotations: 7/8
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

7  [X][X][X][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1f.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3c, so the Advantage Zones are in a line.
3  [X][X][*][X][X][X]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb.
1  [*][*][*][*][_][_]     R7. Capture 7e, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 222222-000200                                       Rotations: 12/12
------------------------                                              Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1f.
2  [X][X][X][*][X][X]     R6. Capture 1c.
1  [*][*][*][*][*][*]     R7. Capture 2d, mark spot 1f.
                          R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R9. Bomb, capture 3f, mark spot 1a.
                          R10. Wait.
                          R11. Capture 3a.
                          R12. Capture 4a.

------------------------
6x7 Puzzle 222222-111111                                        Rotations: 8/10
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1f.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2e.
1  [*][*][*][*][*][*]     R7. Capture 2f, bomb.
                          R8. Capture 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f


-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-
                               3.6 SIXTH STAGE
-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-

   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     3.6.1 SIXTH STAGE, WAVES 1 &amp; 2 - 6x8 PUZZLES
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 000001-210121                                       Rotations: 13/15
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][*][*]     R1. Capture 4c, mark front of row e.
7  [_][*][_][_][X][X]     R2. Wait.
6  [*][_][*][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e, mark front of row a.
5  [X][_][X][X][X][X]     R4. Bomb.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1f, bomb, mark spot 4c.
2  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][_]     R8. Capture 6c, mark spot 4f.
                          R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 6f, mark spot 4e.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Bomb, capture 6e.
                          R13. Bomb, capture 5b.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 000001-221111                                       Rotations: 15/15
------------------------                                              Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
7  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, mark front of row e.
6  [*][_][*][_][_][*]     R3. Wait.
5  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 2f, re-mark spot 2f.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R6. Wait.
2  [*][*][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 4f, mark front of row d.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][_]     R8. Bomb.
                          R9. Capture 2d, mark spot 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Wait.
                          R11. Bomb, then capture 6c, mark spot 2d.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Capture 4d, re-mark spot 4d.
                          R14. Bomb.
                          R15. Capture 6d.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 000002                                              Rotations: 10/10
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, mark front of row d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Wait.
5  [X][X][X][_][X][X]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2d.
4  [X][*][_][*][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
3  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4b, mark spot 4f.
2  [X][X][_][*][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][*]     R8. Capture 6f.
                          R9. Capture 5d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 6d.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 000010-000012                                         Rotations: 9/?
------------------------

8  [X][_][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 4c, bomb, mark front of row f.
7  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [X][X][X][X][X][_]     R3. Capture 2f.
5  [X][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 5c.
4  [X][_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 8c.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][X]     R8. Capture 5f, bomb.
                          R9. Capture 6f, bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 000010-011211                                       Rotations: 14/15
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3f, bomb, bomb, mark front of row d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2d, mark front of row b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
4  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 2b, mark front of row c.
3  [X][*][*][X][_][*]     R6. Wait.
2  [X][_][_][*][_][_]     R7. Capture 2c, bomb.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][X]     R8. Capture 1e.
                          R9. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 3b.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Bomb.
                          R14. Capture 8a.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 000010-020020                                       Rotations: 11/14
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][X][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
7  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [X][X][X][*][*][*]     R6. Capture 2e.
2  [X][*][X][X][*][X]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][X]     R8. Bomb, mark spot 5f.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Wait.
                          R11. Bomb, capture 8f.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 000010-121012                                       Rotations: 16/17
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d, mark front of row f.
7  [X][X][X][*][X][X]     R2. Wait.
6  [X][*][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 2f, mark front of row b.
5  [X][_][X][X][*][X]     R4. Bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 2b.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 5b.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][X]     R8. Capture 5e.
                          R9. Capture 6b, mark spot 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Wait.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Bomb, capture 6d, mark spot 4c.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Capture 6c.
                          R15. Capture 6e.
                          R16. Capture 7d.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 000010-210121                                       Rotations: 12/14
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][X][*][X][*]     R3. Capture 2e, mark front of row a.
5  [X][_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Bomb.
4  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a, mark spot 4f.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 6f, mark spot 4d.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][X]     R8. Wait.
                          R9. Bomb, then capture 6d, mark spot 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Wait.
                          R11. Capture 5c, bomb.
                          R12. Capture 5b.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 000011                                              Rotations: 18/18
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [X][X][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 1f, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 2f, mark spot 2e.
3  [_][*][_][X][X][X]     R6. Wait.
2  [*][X][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 4e, mark front of row d.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R8. Wait.
                          R9. Capture 2d, mark front of row c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb.
                          R11. Capture 2c, mark spot 2f.
                          R12. Bomb.
                          R13. Capture 4f, mark spot 2d.
                          R14. Wait.
                          R15. Capture 4d, mark spot 5a.
                          R16. Wait.
                          R17. Capture 7a.
                          R18. Capture 5e, bomb.

-------------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 000012-121111-111011                                Rotations: 15/17
-------------------------------                                   True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 5d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, mark row b.
6  [*][_][_][X][*][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][X][X][*][X][X]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2b.
4  [_][_][*][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1e, bomb, mark row d.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 2d, mark spot 4e.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R8. Wait.
                          R9. Bomb, then capture 6e, mark spot 4f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Wait.
                          R11. Capture 6f, bomb.
                          R12. Capture 5a.
                          R13. Capture 6a, mark spot 4c.
                          R14. Bomb.
                          R15. Capture 6c.

-------------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 000012-121111-111111                                 Rotations: 13/?
-------------------------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, mark front of row b.
6  [X][*][_][*][X][X]     R3. Bomb.
5  [_][X][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 2b.
4  [_][_][*][X][_][X]     R5. Capture 3d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4e, mark spot 3f.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R8. Bomb, capture 5f.
                          R9. Capture 5c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, then capture 5e.
                          R11. Capture 5a.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Bomb.

--------------------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 000012-211011-111121-211111                          Rotations: 8/10
--------------------------------------                            True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [_][_][*][X][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1f, mark front of row c.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Bomb.
5  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2c, bomb.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 6d.
3  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 3c.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 4c.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R8. Bomb, bomb, capture 8a.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

--------------------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 000012-211011-111121-221111                         Rotations: 11/12
--------------------------------------                            True Genius!!

8  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 7e.
7  [_][_][*][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, mark row a.
6  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R3. Bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 2a, mark row c.
4  [*][*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 2c, run up and mark spot 5f.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 7f.
                          R9. Capture 3c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 3d, bomb.
                          R11. Capture 8f.

-------------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 000012-211101-121111                                 Rotations: 13/?
-------------------------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 3d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1f, mark front of row a.
6  [*][X][X][X][X][X]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][X][*][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1e, bomb, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2f.
2  [*][_][_][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 4d.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 5a.
                          R9. Capture 5d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 6a, mark front of row d.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 2d, bomb.
                          R13. Capture 5c.

-------------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 000012-221111-111000                                Rotations: 15/16
-------------------------------                                   True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, mark spot 2f.
6  [*][X][_][*][*][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 4f, mark spot 2e.
4  [_][_][*][_][_][*]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 4e, mark front of row a.
2  [*][*][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R8. Bomb, then capture 2a, mark spot 2d.</pre><pre id="faqspan-24">                          R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, capture 4d.
                          R11. Capture 5a.
                          R12. Capture 6a.
                          R13. Capture 5b.
                          R14. Bomb, capture 5d.
                          R15. Capture 5e.

-------------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 000012-221111-112100                                Rotations: 11/13
-------------------------------                                   True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c, bomb.
7  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, mark spot 2f.
6  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [X][X][_][_][X][*]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 5f, mark spot 2e.
3  [_][_][*][_][X][X]     R6. Wait.
2  [*][*][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 4e.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 5c.
                          R9. Capture 5d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, capture 6c.
                          R11. Bomb, capture 6d.



-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 000020                                               Rotations: 9/10
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, mark front of row a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Wait.
5  [*][_][_][*][X][X]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2a, mark front of row b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2b, bomb, mark spot 4f.
2  [*][_][*][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][X][*][X]     R8. Capture 6f.
                          R9. Capture 3c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 000100-011121                                       Rotations: 15/16
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [*][_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [_][*][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, mark front of row c.
6  [X][_][*][_][_][X]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 2c, mark front of row b.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [*][*][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2b, mark front of row a.
2  [X][_][_][_][*][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][_][X][X]     R8. Wait.
                          R9. Capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 3c, bomb.
                          R11. Capture 5e.
                          R12. Capture 6e.
                          R13. Capture 7e, mark spot 5a.
                          R14. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6a is protected.
                          R15. Bomb.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 000100-210102                                       Rotations: 13/13
------------------------                                              Brilliant

8  [*][_][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3f, mark front of row f.
7  [_][X][_][_][_][*]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f.
5  [_][_][_][*][*][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2d, mark front of row a.
3  [*][_][X][_][X][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [*][_][X][_][X][*]     R7. Bomb, then capture 2a.
1  [X][X][X][_][X][X]     R8. Bomb, capture 3d.
                          R9. Capture 4d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb.
                          R11. Capture 7a.
                          R12. Capture 8a.
                          R13. Bomb.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 000100-211112                                       Rotations: 11/11
------------------------                                              Brilliant

8  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][*][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 3d, mark front of row a.
4  [_][*][X][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 2a, mark front of row c.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][_][X][X]     R8. Capture 2c.
                          R9. Bomb, capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, capture 5f.
                          R11. Bomb.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 000100-211121                                        Rotations: 9/10
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [X][_][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a, mark row b.
7  [_][_][*][_][X][X]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b, bomb.
5  [*][*][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb, mark row e.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb, capture 2e, mark row c.
2  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][_][X][X]     R8. Capture 2c.
                          R9. Capture 3c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 000102                                               Rotations: 12/?
-----------------

8  [X][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 5a.
7  [_][_][*][X][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
6  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d, bomb.
4  [X][_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Wait.
3  [X][_][*][*][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [X][X][X][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 8e.
1  [X][X][X][_][X][*]     R8. Bomb, mark spot 5c.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 7c.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Bomb.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 000200-000100                                        Rotations: 13/?
------------------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c, mark front of row b.
7  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3b.
4  [X][*][_][_][*][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 1d, mark front of row f.
3  [X][_][*][*][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [X][X][X][_][X][X]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][*][X][X]     R8. Capture 3f, bomb.
                          R9. Capture 2d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 4b.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Bomb.
                          R13. Capture 8a.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 000200-022222                                         Rotations: 8/8
------------------------                                              Brilliant

8  [X][X][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 1d.
7  [X][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][*][*][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [X][_][*][_][*][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [X][*][*][*][*][*]     R7. Bomb, bomb.
1  [X][X][X][*][X][X]     R8. Capture 8c.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 000200-112221                                         Rotations: 7/8
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [X][X][_][*][_][X]     R1. Capture 6a, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, mark front of row f.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2f, bomb.
4  [_][_][*][*][*][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][*][*][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][*][*][*][_]     R7. Capture 8d, bomb.
1  [X][X][X][*][X][X]

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 000200-211111                                        Rotations: 8/10
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1d, mark front of row f.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [*][X][X][*][X][X]     R4. Capture 2f, bomb.
4  [_][_][*][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 5a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3f.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 4f, bomb.
1  [X][X][X][*][X][X]     R8. Capture 5d.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 000200-222122                                       Rotations: 10/10
------------------------                                              Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, mark front of row a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2a, mark front of row f.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2f.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Mark front of row b.
2  [*][*][*][_][*][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][*][X][X]     R8. Bomb, then capture 2b.
                          R9. Capture 3f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 5d, bomb.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 000222                                                Rotations: 8/9
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb, mark front of row b.
7  [_][_][_][*][*][*]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 2b.
5  [*][*][*][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Mark spot 5d.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6d is protected.
2  [*][*][*][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, clear mark.
1  [X][X][X][*][*][*]     R8. Bomb, capture 8a.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 001001-210021                                       Rotations: 12/16
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [_][*][_][_][*][X]     R2. Capture 1f.
6  [X][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2f, bomb, bomb, mark front of row a.
5  [*][X][X][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
2  [*][_][X][X][*][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][X][X][_]     R8. Capture 3c.
                          R9. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 7e.
                          R11. Capture 6d, mark spot 5a.
                          R12. Bomb 3 times while Forbidden Qube in 6a is
                               protected.


------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 001001-210122                                       Rotations: 13/13
------------------------                                              Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, re-mark spot 1c.
6  [X][X][_][X][*][X]     R3. Wait.
5  [*][X][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 3c, bomb, mark front of row a.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2a.
2  [*][_][X][_][*][*]     R7. Capture 1f, bomb.
1  [X][X][_][X][X][_]     R8. Capture 5a.
                          R9. Capture 6e, mark spot 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Wait.
                          R11. Capture 5c, bomb.
                          R12. Capture 5d, bomb.
                          R13.  Capture 6c.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 001112-020012                                       Rotations: 12/12
------------------------                                              Brilliant

8  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
7  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 3f.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 4f, mark spot 1d.
2  [X][*][X][X][_][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 3d, bomb.
                          R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 6a.
                          R11. Capture 7a, bomb.
                          R12. Capture 4d, bomb.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 001112-210011                                       Rotations: 19/20
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [X][X][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3f, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 4f.
4  [*][_][_][X][X][*]     R5. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
2  [*][_][X][X][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [X][X][_][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 3c, mark spot 1d.
                          R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 3d, mark spot 1c again.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Wait.
                          R15. Capture 6c, mark spot 6a.
                          R16. Wait.
                          R17. Capture 8a.
                          R18. Capture 4c, bomb.
                          R19. Capture 8f.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 001210-022222                                         Rotations: 7/7
------------------------                                              Brilliant

8  [X][X][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 1d.
7  [X][_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1c.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, bomb, mark spot 5c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [X][_][*][_][*][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [X][*][*][*][*][*]     R7. Capture 8c, bomb, bomb.
1  [X][X][_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 001210-111121                                        Rotations: 17/?
------------------------

8  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [_][_][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, mark front of row b.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2b, mark spot 2a.
4  [*][_][_][_][X][*]     R5. Wait.
3  [X][X][X][X][X][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 4a, mark front of row f.
2  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][*][_][X]     R8. Bomb, capture 2f.
                          R9. Capture 3f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 4f, mark spot 2d.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 4d, mark spot 2c.
                          R13. Bomb.
                          R14. Capture 4c, mark spot 2b.
                          R15. Wait.
                          R16. Capture 4b.
                          R17. Capture 8a, bomb.

-------------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 002000-022200-111121                                  Rotations: 8/8
-------------------------------                                       Brilliant

8  [*][_][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 8a, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [X][*][*][*][X][X]     R7. Capture 6c, bomb.
1  [X][X][*][X][X][X]     R8. Capture 6a, bomb.
                          Start this one early if you want to make the TRN!
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-------------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 002000-022200-211122                                Rotations: 10/12
-------------------------------                                   True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, mark row f.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][X][X][*][X][X]     R3. Bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
3  [*][_][_][_][*][*]     R6. Capture 6a.
2  [X][*][*][*][X][X]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][X][*][X][X][X]     R8. Capture 6d.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 002001                                                Rotations: 8/9
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
7  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f, re-mark spot 1f.
5  [X][X][X][X][X][_]     R4. Bomb.
4  [X][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 3f.
3  [X][*][*][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 4f.
2  [X][_][_][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 5f.
1  [X][X][*][X][X][_]     R8. Bomb, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 002012                                               Rotations: 9/10
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, mark front of row f.
6  [_][*][*][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [*][X][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2f, then bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4f.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4e.
2  [_][*][*][*][_][*]     R7. Capture 3a.
1  [X][X][*][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 4a.
                          R9. Bomb, then capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 002100                                              Rotations: 10/11
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, mark front of row a.
5  [X][X][X][X][*][X]     R4. Wait.
4  [X][*][_][*][_][*]     R5. Capture 2a, bomb.
3  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][*][_][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][X][*][_][X][X]     R8. Capture 5e.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 002220                                                Rotations: 8/8
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, mark front of row a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4a.
3  [X][X][*][_][*][X]     R6. Bomb.
2  [X][X][_][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 7a.
1  [X][X][*][*][*][X]     R8. Capture 8a.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 010001                                              Rotations: 16/17
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][*][*]     R1. Capture 3e, mark front of row c.
7  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
5  [X][_][_][*][X][*]     R4. Capture 1f, bomb, re-mark spot 1f.
4  [X][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3f.
2  [_][_][*][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 1b.
1  [X][_][X][X][X][_]     R8. Capture 5d, mark front of row a.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 2a.
                          R11. Capture 5b.
                          R12. Capture 4f, bomb.
                          R13. Bomb, then capture 5f, mark spot 5b.
                          R14. Wait.
                          R15. Bomb, then capture 7b.
                          R16. Capture 5c, bomb.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 010102                                              Rotations: 13/15
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1f, mark front of row a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 3d.
2  [*][*][X][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 2f.
1  [X][_][X][_][X][*]     R8. Capture 1b, mark spot 3d.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 5d.
                          R11. Bomb, capture 6d.
                          R12. Capture 6b, mark spot 5c.
                          R13. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6c is protected.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 010112                                              Rotations: 16/19
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
7  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, bomb, then capture 1f, bomb again.
5  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1b.
4  [*][_][*][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 2b, mark spot 1d.
3  [X][_][X][*][X][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [X][_][X][X][_][*]     R7. Bomb, then capture 3d, mark front of row c.
1  [X][_][X][_][_][*]     R8. Wait.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb.
                          R11. Capture 4c.
                          R12. Capture 3b, bomb.
                          R13. Capture 3f.
                          R14. Capture 4f.
                          R15. Capture 7c.
                          R16. Capture 8c.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 010121-121001                                       Rotations: 11/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
7  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
6  [X][X][X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2f.
5  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 3f.
4  [_][*][_][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 1b.
2  [_][*][_][X][X][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 2b, mark spot 1e.
1  [X][_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb, bomb.
                          R9. Capture 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 4f.
                          R11. Bomb.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 010121-210111                                         Rotations: 7/9
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, mark front of row a.
6  [X][X][*][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [X][*][_][*][X][X]     R4. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
3  [_][_][*][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 3e.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 6c.
1  [X][_][X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 010212                                               Rotations: 14/?
-----------------

8  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [*][X][_][_][X][*]     R2. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f, mark front of row a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a.
3  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][X][*][X]     R7. Capture 1e.
1  [X][_][X][*][_][*]     R8. Bomb, then capture 2e.
                          R9. Capture 6f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, then capture 7f.
                          R11. Capture 7d.
                          R12. Bomb, capture 7c.
                          R13. Bomb, then capture 7a, mark spot 6b.
                          R14. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7b is protected.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 011001                                              Rotations: 12/12
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

8  [*][*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
7  [*][_][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
6  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2f.
5  [*][_][_][X][X][*]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 5f.
3  [_][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1c.
2  [X][X][_][_][*][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 2c, re-mark spot 2c.
1  [X][_][_][X][X][_]     R8. Bomb.
                          R9. Capture 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, capture 5c.
                          R11. Bomb.
                          R12. Bomb until clear.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 011100                                              Rotations: 13/15
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, capture 1b.
6  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 2b, mark front of row a.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2a.
2  [_][*][_][_][*][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 3a.
1  [X][_][_][_][X][X]     R8. Capture 1d.
                          R9. Bomb, capture 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 5d.
                          R11. Bomb, then capture 5f.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Bomb.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 011101                                              Rotations: 19/20
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [*][*][*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f.
5  [*][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Bomb 3 times, then capture 3f.
4  [X][_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1b.
3  [X][_][*][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 1c.
2  [X][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 1d.
1  [X][_][_][_][X][_]     R8. Bomb, capture 2b.
                          R9. Capture 2d, mark front of row e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Wait.
                          R11. Capture 2e.
                          R12. Capture 3b.
                          R13. Capture 3d.
                          R14. Capture 4b.
                          R15. Capture 4d, mark spot 2e.
                          R16. Wait.
                          R17. Capture 4e.
                          R18. Capture 4f.
                          R19. Capture 5f.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 011111                                              Rotations: 13/13
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

8  [_][*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [_][X][X][*][_][_]     R2. Bomb, capture 1b.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][*]     R3. Bomb, capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Bomb, capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 1e.
3  [_][*][*][*][*][_]     R6. Capture 1f.
2  [*][_][X][X][X][_]     R7. Capture 2f.
1  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 3f.
                          R9. Bomb, capture 4f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 6b.
                          R11. Bomb, capture 6a.
                          R12. Bomb, capture 7a.
                          R13. Bomb.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 012011                                                Rotations: 9/9
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1f, bomb, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2f, re-mark spot 2f.
3  [_][*][_][*][_][X]     R6. Wait.
2  [*][*][*][*][*][_]     R7. Capture 4f.
1  [X][_][*][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 5a.
                          R9. Capture 5e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 012100                                                Rotations: 8/9
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][X][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 6a, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, mark front of row a.
6  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb 4 times.
3  [X][X][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 4a.
2  [X][_][*][*][X][X]     R7. Capture 3c.
1  [X][_][*][_][X][X]     R8. Capture 8a.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 012111                                              Rotations: 16/17
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 5a.
7  [_][_][*][X][_][X]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, mark row a.
6  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a, bomb.
4  [X][X][X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1f.
3  [_][_][X][_][X][X]     R6. Bomb, capture 2f.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 3a.
1  [X][_][*][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 3b.
                          R9. Capture 1e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, capture 3d, mark sot 2c.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Capture 5c.
                          R14. Capture 7e, mark spot 6f.
                          R15. Wait.
                          R16. Capture 8f.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 012212                                              Rotations: 12/13
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [X][X][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
7  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3c, mark front of row a.
4  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][X][_][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 2a.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 5d.
1  [X][_][*][*][_][*]     R8. Capture 3a, mark spot 5e.
                          R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 7e.
                          R11. Capture 6f, bomb, bomb.
                          R12. Capture 6d.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 020010                                               Rotations: 9/10
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e.
5  [_][_][_][*][*][*]     R4. Bomb, then capture 3e.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][X]     R5. Capture 2b.
3  [*][_][*][X][*][X]     R6. Capture 4e.
2  [X][_][X][X][_][X]     R7. Bomb
1  [X][*][X][X][_][X]     R8. Capture 8a.
                          R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 020012                                              Rotations: 16/17
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [X][X][X][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][*]     R4. Capture 3f.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 4f, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 5f.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5c.
1  [X][*][X][X][_][*]     R8. Bomb, then capture 6c.
                          R9. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 6a.
                          R11. Capture 5b, bomb.
                          R12. Capture 6b, bomb, mark spot 2d.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Wait.
                          R15. Wait.
                          R16. Capture 6d.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 020020                                               Rotations: 8/11
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1b.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, mark spot 4e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [*][*][*][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [X][X][X][*][*][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][*][X][X][*][X]     R8. Bomb, capture 8e.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 021000-111021                                       Rotations: 11/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [X][*][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
6  [X][X][X][X][*][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1b, mark front of row f.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2f, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 5b, re-mark spot 5b.
2  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][*][_][X][X][X]     R8. Capture 7b.
                          R9. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, then capture 6e, mark spot 5d.
                          R11. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6d is protected.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 021000-111112                                       Rotations: 15/16
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, mark front of row f.
6  [X][X][X][X][X][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [X][*][_][_][X][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2f.
4  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 5b, mark spot 4a.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][*][_][X][X][X]     R8. Capture 7a.
                          R9. Capture 1c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 5c, mark spot 2d.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Capture 5d.
                          R14. Capture 5f.
                          R15. Capture 6f.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 022200                                                Rotations: 6/6
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1c, mark front of row f.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3f, mark front of row a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [X][*][_][*][X][*]     R6. Capture 2a, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][X]
1  [X][*][*][*][X][X]

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 100000                                              Rotations: 13/12
-----------------                                         Got any better ideas?

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [*][_][*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, mark front of row c.
5  [_][*][X][X][X][X]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 2c, bomb, mark front of row f.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [*][X][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 2f, mark front of row d.
1  [_][X][X][X][X][X]     R8. Bomb.
                          R9. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 3d.
                          R11. Bomb, capture 4d.
                          R12. Capture 6a.
                          R13. Capture 6b.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 100012-012112                                        Rotations: 13/?
------------------------

8  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [X][X][X][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
6  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
5  [X][X][*][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 3a.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 7e.
2  [X][_][*][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [_][X][X][X][_][*]     R8. Bomb, then capture 5c, mark spot 4d.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Wait.
                          R11. Capture 7d.
                          R12. Bomb.
                          R13. Bomb.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 100012-112111                                       Rotations: 13/13
------------------------                                              Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
6  [X][X][X][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 5c.
5  [*][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3f.
4  [X][_][_][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 4f.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 2a.
1  [_][X][X][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 3a, re-mark spot 3a.
                          R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 5a.
                          R11. Capture 5b.
                          R12. Capture 5d
                          R13. Bomb.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 100012-121011                                        Rotations: 9/10
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2b.
7  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1f.
6  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 4a.
5  [X][X][*][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 6a.
3  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 5c.
2  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 8e, mark spot 5c.
1  [_][X][X][X][_][*]     R8. Wait.
                          R9. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7c is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 100012-211111                                       Rotations: 13/13
------------------------                                              Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [X][X][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
6  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 3d, mark spot 3f.
4  [_][_][X][_][X][X]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 5f.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, bomb, then capture 2a, mark front of row c.
1  [_][X][X][X][_][*]     R8. Bomb.
                          R9. Capture 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 5a, bomb.
                          R11. Capture 4d.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Bomb.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 100121-202111                                       Rotations: 11/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [X][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 1e, then bomb.
3  [_][*][X][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 3f.
2  [*][X][*][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 4f, re-mark spot 4f.
1  [_][X][X][_][*][_]     R8. Wait.
                          R9. Capture 6f, mark spot 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Wait.
                          R11. Capture 4d, bomb.

-----------------------------------------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 100121-202112-120011-111101-111101-111101-000111    Rotations: 14/14
-----------------------------------------------------------           Brilliant

8  [*][_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 2a.
3  [_][*][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 4f.
2  [*][X][*][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 5f.
1  [_][X][X][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 6f, run back to front and up left side.
                          R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 7d.
                          R11. Capture 8d, mark spot 6a.
                          R12. Bomb, bomb.
                          R13. Capture 8a.
                          R14. Bomb.

-----------------------------------------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 100121-202112-120011-111101-111101-111101-002001    Rotations: 13/14
-----------------------------------------------------------       True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][*][_][X]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [X][X][*][X][X][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 2a, run to right side.
3  [_][*][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 4f.
2  [*][X][*][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 5f, bomb.
1  [_][X][X][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 6f.
                          R9. Capture 7f, bomb, run down and up the left side.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 7c, mark spot 6a.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 8a, bomb.
                          R13. Bomb.

-----------------------------------------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 100121-202112-120011-111101-111101-111101-021101    Rotations: 16/16
-----------------------------------------------------------           Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][X][_][X]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb, bomb, mark front of row c.
7  [X][*][_][_][X][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 2a, mark spot 2d.
3  [_][*][X][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [*][X][*][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 4d.
1  [_][X][X][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 4f.
                          R9. Bomb, capture 5f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 6f.
                          R11. Capture 7f, mark spot 3e.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Wait.
                          R15. Wait.
                          R16. Capture 8e.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 100200                                              Rotations: 11/11
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][X][_][X][_][X]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2a, mark spot 4c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 6c, mark spot 5d.
3  [_][*][_][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
2  [*][X][*][*][*][X]     R7. Capture 7d.
1  [_][X][X][*][X][X]     R8. Capture 6e.
                          R9. Capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb.
                          R11. Capture 8d.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 101010-101010                                        Rotations: 11/?
------------------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3f.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][*][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
4  [_][*][*][X][*][_]     R5. Capture 1c.
3  [*][X][*][X][*][*]     R6. Bomb, capture 2c.
2  [_][X][_][X][_][X]     R7. Capture 1e, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][X][_][X]     R8. Capture 2e.
                          R9. Capture 7a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, then capture 3c.
                          R11. Capture 8a.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 101010-101110                                       Rotations: 17/19
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e.
5  [*][X][*][*][*][*]     R4. Capture 3e.
4  [_][X][_][X][*][X]     R5. Capture 4e.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 1a.
2  [_][X][_][_][_][X]     R7. Bomb, capture 2a.
1  [_][X][_][X][_][X]     R8. Capture 3a.
                          R9. Capture 4a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, then capture 5a.
                          R11. Capture 1c.
                          R12. Capture 2c, bomb, mark front of row d.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Capture 2d.
                          R15. Capture 3c.
                          R16. Capture 4c.
                          R17. Capture 5c.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 101010-110022                                       Rotations: 13/13
------------------------                                              Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
7  [_][_][_][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark front of row b.
6  [_][_][*][X][X][X]     R3. Wait.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2b, bomb.
4  [X][*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a, mark spot 2b.
3  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][X][*][*]     R7. Capture 4b.
1  [_][X][_][X][_][X]     R8. Capture 1c.
                          R9. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 1c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Wait.
                          R11. Bomb.
                          R12. Capture 4c, bomb.
                          R13. Bomb.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 101012-100011                                       Rotations: 16/18
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
6  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [X][_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 3c.
4  [X][X][_][*][X][X]     R5. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][*][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 2a.
2  [_][X][X][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 1f, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][X][_][*]     R8. Bomb, then capture 3f, mark front of row d.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Wait.
                          R11. Bomb, capture 3d.
                          R12. Capture 3a.
                          R13. Capture 4d.
                          R14. Capture 4c.
                          R15. Capture 8f.
                          R16. Bomb.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 101012-211121                                        Rotations: 14/?
------------------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a, mark spot 2f.
4  [_][*][*][_][_][*]     R5. Wait.
3  [*][X][_][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 4f.
2  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][X][_][*]     R8. Bomb, then capture 3a.
                          R9. Capture 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 3c, mark front of row d.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Bomb, capture 2d, re-mark spot 2d.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Capture 4d.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 101102                                              Rotations: 20/21
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
7  [_][_][_][X][X][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 2a.
5  [*][X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
4  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c.
3  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1f.
2  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R7. Capture 1d.
1  [_][X][_][_][X][*]     R8. Bomb, capture 2c, re-mark spot 2c.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, capture 4c, re-mark spot 4c.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 6c.
                          R13. Capture 6d, mark spot 5f.
                          R14. Wait.
                          R15. Bomb, then capture 7f.
                          R16. Capture 4a.
                          R17. Bomb, then capture 5a.
                          R18. Capture 3b.
                          R19. Capture 6e.
                          R20. Capture 7c.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 101121                                              Rotations: 10/11
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [*][_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 4f.
7  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
5  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
4  [*][_][_][*][_][*]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 2a, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 3a.
1  [_][X][_][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 4a, bomb.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 101222                                                Rotations: 8/9
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][*][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [*][*][*][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 3e.
2  [_][X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 3f.
1  [_][X][_][*][*][*]     R8. Bomb, capture 7f.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 102011                                              Rotations: 15/16
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
7  [X][*][_][*][_][X]     R2. Capture 1c, mark row d.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
4  [_][*][_][_][*][*]     R5. Capture 2c.
3  [_][X][X][*][X][_]     R6. Capture 1f, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R7. Bomb, then capture 3d.
1  [_][X][*][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 1e.
                          R9. Capture 2e, bomb, mark spot 1f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb.
                          R11. Capture 3f.
                          R12. Capture 1a.
                          R13. Capture 2a.
                          R14. Capture 3a.
                          R15. Bomb, capture 7e.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 102012                                              Rotations: 10/13
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f.
7  [X][*][X][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [X][*][_][*][*][X]     R7. Capture 3a, bomb.
1  [_][X][*][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 7b.
                          R9. Capture 7d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 7e, bomb.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 110000                                              Rotations: 14/15
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][*][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 4b, mark front of row f.
7  [*][X][_][_][_][*]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][X][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f.
5  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a.
3  [_][X][_][*][_][_]     R6. Bomb, bomb, capture 3a.
2  [_][X][_][_][*][*]     R7. Capture 4a.
1  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R8. Capture 5a.
                          R9. Capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 7a.
                          R11. Capture 1b.
                          R12. Bomb.
                          R13. Capture 6d, bomb.
                          R14. Bomb 4 times.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 110010                                              Rotations: 14/15
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [X][X][_][_][*][X]     R3. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2e.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 2c.
2  [*][X][_][_][*][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [_][_][X][X][_][X]     R8. Bomb.
                          R9. Capture 5c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 5d, mark spot 5b.
                          R11. Bomb.
                          R12. Capture 7b.
                          R13. Bomb, then capture 6e, mark spot 5f.
                          R14. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 6f is
                               protected.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 110011                                              Rotations: 15/16
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c, mark front of row d.
7  [_][X][_][*][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [*][*][_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 1f, re-mark spot 1f.
4  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 3f.</pre><pre id="faqspan-25">2  [*][X][*][_][_][X]     R7. Bomb, capture 1e.
1  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 1a.
                          R9. Capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 1b.
                          R11. Bomb, capture 2e.
                          R12. Bomb, capture 3d.
                          R13. Capture 6a.
                          R14. Capture 6f.
                          R15. Capture 7a.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 110012                                              Rotations: 16/17
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, mark row d.
6  [*][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
5  [_][_][*][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][*]     R5. Capture 3d.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4f, mark spot 3d.
2  [*][X][_][_][*][_]     R7. Wait, while running to front left corner.
1  [_][_][X][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 5d.
                          R9. Capture 1a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 2a, mark row c.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 2c, bomb.
                          R13. Capture 5c.
                          R14. Capture 6a.
                          R15. Capture 1b.
                          R16. Bomb, capture 5f.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 110112-010121                                       Rotations: 12/12
------------------------                                              Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 3f.
6  [_][_][*][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 4f.
5  [*][_][*][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 5f.
4  [X][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 1b.
3  [_][*][X][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 2b, bomb.
2  [X][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb 3 times, then capture 3b.
1  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, capture 3a.
                          R11. Capture 1d.
                          R12. Bomb, capture 2d.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 110112-102011                                       Rotations: 11/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
6  [*][*][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
5  [X][_][_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 2a.
3  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 3a.
2  [_][X][*][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 1d.
1  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 5f.
                          R9. Capture 4a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, mark spot 5c.
                          R11. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6c is protected.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 110112-210121                                        Rotations: 8/11
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2e, bomb.
7  [X][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark spot 3d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5d.
4  [_][*][_][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][X][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 6d, mark spot 6a.
                          R9. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7a is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 110121-202112                                       Rotations: 12/14
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [X][*][X][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a.
3  [_][*][X][X][X][X]     R6. Wait.
2  [*][X][*][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb.
1  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 7d.
                          R9. Bomb, then capture 7b, mark spot 6f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Wait.
                          R11. Bomb, then capture 8f.
                          R12. Bomb.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 110121-210111                                       Rotations: 10/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4b, bomb, mark spot 3f.
5  [*][*][_][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
4  [X][_][X][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 5f.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 5b, mark spot 3d.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 5d, bomb to clear Advantage mark.
                          R9. Capture 6d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 8f, bomb.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 110121-210112                                        Rotations: 9/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
7  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 4a.
3  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R6. Bomb.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 6a.
1  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb, capture 7d.
                          R9. Bomb, capture 8d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 110121-211112                                        Rotations: 8/11
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb, bomb.
7  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 5b.
6  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
5  [X][_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 2f, then bomb, mark spot 3e.
4  [_][_][*][X][X][X]     R5. Bomb.
3  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 5e.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb.
1  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 8f.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 110201                                              Rotations: 14/15
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [*][X][*][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 1f.
2  [*][X][*][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 2f.
1  [_][_][X][*][X][_]     R8. Capture 6c.
                          R9. Capture 7c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 6d.
                          R11. Bomb, then capture 7a.
                          R12. Capture 6e.
                          R13. Bomb, then capture 7e, mark spot 6d.
                          R14. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7d is protected.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 111021                                              Rotations: 12/14
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [X][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [X][X][X][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1f, bomb.
5  [*][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 1b, mark spot 5b.
2  [*][X][X][X][X][X]     R7. Bomb.
1  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R8. Bomb, capture 7b.
                          R9. Capture 6f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 6e.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Bomb.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 111111-000001                                       Rotations: 19/20
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4e.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
6  [_][X][X][*][_][X]     R3. Wait.
5  [*][*][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 3c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
3  [*][_][*][_][X][*]     R6. Wait.
2  [X][X][X][X][X][_]     R7. Capture 3a.
1  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Bomb, capture 1f.
                          R9. Capture 2f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 3f.
                          R11. Capture 4f.
                          R12. Capture 6d.
                          R13. Capture 1b.
                          R14. Capture 1d.
                          R15. Bomb, capture 1e, mark spot 4e.
                          R16. Wait.
                          R17. Capture 6e.
                          R18. Capture 5f.
                          R19. Capture 6a.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 111111-121121                                       Rotations: 11/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
6  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b, bomb, mark spot 3e.
5  [_][_][*][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 5e, bomb, bomb.
3  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 8a.
2  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 5d.
1  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 4f.
                          R9. Capture 5f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 6e, re-mark spot 6e.
                          R11. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7e is protected.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 111112                                               Rotations: 9/10
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb.
7  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
5  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 4b, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 5b.
2  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R7. Capture 4a, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 7f.
                          R9. Capture 8f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 111121                                              Rotations: 13/14
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [*][_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [_][*][*][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1c, mark spot 2d.
2  [*][X][X][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb.
1  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 4d, mark spot 3c.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, bomb, then capture 5c, mark spot 4d.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 6d.
                          R13. Bomb, capture 7f.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 111122                                              Rotations: 14/15
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][*][*][X][X][*]     R4. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][X][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
3  [*][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 4f, bomb.
2  [_][X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5f, mark spot 2d.
1  [_][_][_][_][*][*]     R8. Wait.
                          R9. Capture 4d, bomb, mark spot 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Wait.
                          R11. Capture 5c.
                          R12. Capture 1c.
                          R13. Capture 1b.
                          R14. Bomb.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 112101                                               Rotations: 9/10
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][*][_][X]     R1. Capture 3f.
7  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Bomb, capture 1c.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, capture 1f.
5  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2f.
4  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a.
3  [_][*][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 2a, then bomb, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 6e.
1  [_][_][*][_][X][_]     R8. Capture 8d.
                          R9. Capture 6f, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 112102                                              Rotations: 14/15
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
5  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
4  [*][X][*][X][*][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 3a, mark spot 2c.
2  [X][_][_][_][_][X]     R7. Wait.
1  [_][_][*][_][X][*]     R8. Bomb, then capture 4c.
                          R9. Capture 3b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, then capture 4a.
                          R11. Capture 3d.
                          R12. Capture 5a.
                          R13. Bomb.
                          R14. Capture 8f.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 112111-000100                                       Rotations: 14/17
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f, re-mark spot 1f.
5  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [X][_][_][_][X][*]     R5. Bomb, capture 3f.
3  [*][*][*][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 1e, re-mark spot 1e.
2  [X][X][X][_][X][X]     R7. Wait.
1  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R8. Bomb, capture 3e.
                          R9. Capture 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 1d, bomb.
                          R11. Capture 4f.
                          R12. Capture 1b.
                          R13. Capture 1a, bomb.
                          R14. Capture 8c.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 112111-111011                                       Rotations: 11/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
7  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb, bomb, then capture 3e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5a.
3  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 1b.
1  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
                          R9. Capture 1f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 2f.
                          R11. Capture 3f.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 112111-120020                                       Rotations: 11/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [_][_][_][_][*][X]     R2. Capture 1d.
6  [*][X][*][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 2b.
2  [_][*][X][X][*][X]     R7. Capture 1f.
1  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R8. Bomb, capture 1e.
                          R9. Capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 2a.
                          R11. Capture 6f, bomb.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 120002                                              Rotations: 11/13
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f, mark front of row e.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][X][_][X][*][X]     R3. Capture 2e.
5  [X][*][X][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [*][_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 5d.
2  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 6e.
1  [_][*][X][X][X][*]     R8. Wait.
                          R9. Capture 5b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Mark spot 5b.
                          R11. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6b is protected.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 120021                                              Rotations: 11/17
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [X][X][*][X][X][*]     R2. Capture 1f.
6  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a, mark front of row d.
3  [*][_][*][*][*][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [X][X][_][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 2d.
1  [_][*][X][X][*][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 1e.
                          R9. Capture 7f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Wait.
                          R11. Bomb, then capture 7c.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 120200                                              Rotations: 13/14
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, mark front of row f.
7  [_][*][_][X][X][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [X][X][*][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, capture 2f.
5  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1a.
3  [*][_][_][_][_][X]     R6. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 7f.
1  [_][*][X][*][X][X]     R8. Capture 8f, mark spot 4c.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, then capture 6c, mark spot 6e.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 8e.
                          R13. Bomb, capture 7c.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 121000                                              Rotations: 13/13
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

8  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [*][_][_][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 3d.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 4d, mark front of row f.
4  [X][X][X][_][_][*]     R5. Wait.
3  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 2f, mark spot 2c.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X][X][X]     R8. Wait.
                          R9. Capture 5c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 5e, bomb, run around to remaining Qubes.
                          R11. Keep running.
                          R12. Capture 6c, bomb.
                          R13. Capture 7c.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 121002                                              Rotations: 10/10
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
6  [X][X][_][X][*][X]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1f, mark spot 3c.
5  [*][X][_][*][_][*]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5c, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4a.
2  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 5a.
1  [_][*][_][X][X][*]     R8. Capture 6e.
                          R9. Capture 6c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 121010-111110                                       Rotations: 12/14
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4f.
7  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R2. Bomb, capture 1e.
6  [_][*][*][X][*][*]     R3. Capture 1b.
5  [_][X][_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 2e, bomb.
4  [_][X][_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 3e, mark row d.
3  [*][_][_][X][_][X]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 2d.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][X]     R8. Capture 4a, bomb.
                          R9. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 4c.
                          R11. Capture 5c, bomb.
                          R12. Capture 6c.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 121010-111112                                        Rotations: 11/?
------------------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2f.
7  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
6  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 3a.
5  [*][X][*][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 4a.
4  [_][X][_][X][_][*]     R5. Bomb, then capture 5a.
3  [_][X][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 3c.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 4c.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][X]     R8. Bomb, then capture 5c, mark front of row d.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 2d.
                          R11. Capture 1e, bomb.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 121011                                              Rotations: 13/14
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
6  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [*][X][_][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb, capture 1f.
4  [_][_][*][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1e, mark spot 1f.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][*]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 3f.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 3d.
                          R9. Capture 1c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 6f.
                          R11. Bomb, then capture 5a, mark spot 4b.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6b is protected.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 121012-111011                                       Rotations: 14/15
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][X][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 4d.
7  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [*][_][X][*][X][*]     R5. Capture 3a.
3  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 4a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 1f, bomb, mark spot 2f.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][*]     R8. Wait.
                          R9. Capture 4f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 6b.
                          R11. Capture 7b, bomb, mark spot 5a.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Capture 8a.

-------------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 121012-111111-201010                                Rotations: 13/14
-------------------------------                                   True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 3a.
6  [_][_][*][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 3c.
5  [_][_][*][X][*][X]     R4. Capture 4a.
4  [*][X][_][X][_][X]     R5. Capture 4c.
3  [*][X][_][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 1f, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 3e.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 4e.
                          R9. Capture 5c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 5e.
                          R11. Capture 5d, mark front of row d.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Capture 2d, bomb.

-------------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 121012-111111-211011                                Rotations: 17/18
-------------------------------                                   True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][_][*][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
6  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1b.
5  [_][_][X][*][X][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 4f.
4  [_][_][X][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 5f.
3  [*][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 6f, mark spot 2d.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][*]     R8. Bomb.
                          R9. Bomb, then capture 5d, mark spot 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Wait.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 6e, mark spot 2d.
                          R13. Bomb.
                          R14. Bomb.
                          R15. Wait.
                          R16. Capture 6d.
                          R17. Capture 7f.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 121012-211111                                       Rotations: 10/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1b.
5  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3d, bomb.
4  [_][X][*][X][*][X]     R5. Capture 4a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4e.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 4c, mark spot 3f.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][*]     R8. Wait.
                          R9. Capture 5f, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 5e.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 121100-001112                                       Rotations: 13/14
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
7  [_][_][*][*][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1b.
6  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a, mark row f.
5  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 2f.
3  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
2  [X][X][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 2c.
1  [_][*][_][_][X][X]     R8. Capture 1d.
                          R9. Capture 2d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 7a, bomb.
                          R11. Capture 8a, bomb.
                          R12. Capture 6e, mark spot 5d.
                          R13. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6d is protected.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 121100-121112                                       Rotations: 18/20
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 4b.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1d, mark front of row f.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [X][_][X][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 2f.
3  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 2d, re-mark spot 2d.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [_][*][_][_][X][X]     R8. Wait.
                          R9. Capture 5d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, capture 5f.
                          R11. Capture 6f, mark spot 2d again.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Wait.
                          R15. Wait.
                          R16. Capture 7d.
                          R17. Capture 6d.
                          R18. Capture 8a.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 121112-111211                                       Rotations: 10/11
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
6  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1f.
5  [*][X][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 2d.
4  [_][_][_][*][*][*]     R5. Bomb, capture 1e.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R7. Capture 1a.
1  [_][*][_][_][_][*]     R8. Bomb, then capture 5a.
                          R9. Capture 5c, mark spot 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6a is protected.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 121112-210110                                        Rotations: 11/?
------------------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
7  [_][_][*][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
6  [X][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1d.
5  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1f.
4  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1e.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 2d.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][X]     R7. Bomb, capture 2e.
1  [_][*][_][_][_][*]     R8. Bomb, capture 6b.
                          R9. Capture 6c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 7f.
                          R11. Bomb.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 121121                                              Rotations: 11/13
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b, then bomb.
4  [_][_][*][*][*][_]     R5. Capture 3c, mark spot 2d.
3  [X][X][_][X][X][X]     R6. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb, then capture 4d.
1  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 4c.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Wait.
                          R11. Bomb.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 121201                                              Rotations: 10/11
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4b.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
6  [_][*][X][_][*][X]     R3. Capture 1f.
5  [*][_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 3a, re-mark spot 3a.
3  [_][X][_][_][*][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 5a.
1  [_][*][_][*][X][_]     R8. Bomb, capture 6e.
                          R9. Capture 6d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 5c, bomb.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 121211                                              Rotations: 12/14
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
6  [*][X][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3a.
5  [X][X][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 4a.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 4c, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][_][*][*]     R6. Capture 1f, bomb, re-mark spot 1f.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R7. Wait.
1  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R8. Bomb, capture 3f, mark spot 4a.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 6a, mark spot 2b.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 4b, bomb.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 122012                                              Rotations: 11/13
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f, bomb.
7  [X][_][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3c, mark spot 2a.
5  [_][_][_][*][X][X]     R4. Wait.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 4a.
3  [X][X][_][X][X][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 3f, mark spot 2e.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [_][*][*][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 4e.
                          R9. Capture 7b, mark spot 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb.
                          R11. Capture 8a.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 200000-110012                                         Rotations: 9/9
------------------------                                              Brilliant

8  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 1a, mark front of row f.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [*][X][_][_][*][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2f, mark spot 4a.
5  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 6a, mark front of row c.
3  [_][_][_][*][*][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][X][_][*]     R7. Bomb, bomb.
1  [*][X][X][X][X][X]     R8. Capture 3c.
                          R9. Capture 7c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 200000-110121                                       Rotations: 12/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
7  [_][*][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [X][X][X][X][X][*]     R4. Bomb, mark front of row e.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2e.
2  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb, bomb.
1  [*][X][X][X][X][X]     R8. Bomb, then capture 5f, mark spot 4e.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 6e.
                          R11. Capture 6f.
                          R12. Bomb.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 200011-111102                                       Rotations: 15/16
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
6  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2f.
5  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark front of row c.
3  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 2c.
1  [*][X][X][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 5a.
                          R9. Capture 3c, re-mark spot 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, run up right side of puzzle.
                          R11. Bomb, capture 5c, re-mark spot 5c.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Capture 7c.
                          R14. Capture 7e.
                          R15. Capture 7f.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 200011-111201                                       Rotations: 13/14
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [X][X][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1f, mark spot 1e.
4  [_][_][X][_][X][X]     R5. Wait.
3  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 3e.
2  [_][_][_][*][X][_]     R7. Capture 2f.
1  [*][X][X][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 3f, mark front of row c.
                          R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, capture 2c.
                          R11. Capture 3c.
                          R12. Capture 3d.
                          R13. Capture 4d.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 200011-121102                                       Rotations: 14/15
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][*][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1f.
6  [_][_][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f.
5  [*][_][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 3f.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_][X][*]     R7. Bomb, then capture 5a.
1  [*][X][X][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 3d, bomb, re-mark spot 3d.
                          R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Wait, run up right side of puzzle.
                          R11. Capture 6d, mark spot 6f.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Capture 8f.
                          R14. Bomb.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 200012                                              Rotations: 13/15
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][X][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, mark front of row d.
6  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
5  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
4  [*][_][_][*][X][X]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][X][_][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark front of row c.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][X][X][X][_][*]     R8. Bomb.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 4c, mark spot 4b.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Bomb, capture 6b.
                          R13. Capture 8f.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 200020                                              Rotations: 10/10
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

8  [X][X][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 1e, mark front of row a.
7  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [*][*][X][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][X][X][*][*][*]     R7. Bomb.
1  [*][X][X][X][*][X]     R8. Capture 8c.
                          R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 7b.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 200100                                               Rotations: 10/?
-----------------

8  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f, mark front of row c.
7  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 3c, bomb.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][*][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 1d, mark spot 4c.
2  [X][_][_][_][X][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][X][X][_][X][X]     R8. Bomb.
                          R9. Capture 7c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 7e, bomb.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 200112                                              Rotations: 13/15
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][X][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
6  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark front of row b.
5  [_][_][_][*][*][*]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 2b.
3  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
2  [X][_][X][X][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [*][X][X][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 3d, mark spot 5a.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 7a.
                          R11. Capture 6b.
                          R12. Capture 4d, bomb.
                          R13. Capture 8f.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 201012-000011                                       Rotations: 10/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
6  [X][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f, bomb, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 3f.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][*][X][X][*]     R6. Capture 4f.
2  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 5f.
1  [*][X][_][X][_][*]     R8.  Bomb, run left and mark spot 5a.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 7a.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 201012-211012                                       Rotations: 11/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
7  [X][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [*][*][X][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2c, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3c.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 1f, then bomb, mark spot 3c.
1  [*][X][_][X][_][*]     R8. Wait.
                          R9. Capture 5c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, capture 3f.
                          R11. Bomb, capture 7b.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 201101                                              Rotations: 15/16
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [*][*][_][_][*][*]     R3. Capture 1c.
5  [X][X][X][X][*][*]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb, re-mark spot 1d.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [*][_][_][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 3d.
2  [*][_][X][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 1f, re-mark spot 1f.
1  [*][X][_][_][X][_]     R8. Wait.
                          R9. Bomb, then capture 3f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 4c.
                          R11. Capture 4d, bomb, re-mark spot 4d.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Capture 6d, mark spot 4c.
                          R14. Wait.
                          R15. Bomb, capture 6c.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 201111                                              Rotations: 15/16
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
7  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2f.
5  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][*][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 1c.
1  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 2c.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Wait.
                          R11. Capture 8f.
                          R12. Bomb, bomb, capture 8e.
                          R13. Capture 8d.
                          R14. Capture 8c.
                          R15. Bomb

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 201112                                              Rotations: 19/19
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

8  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [X][X][X][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1f.
6  [*][_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 4f.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 5f.
3  [_][_][*][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 6f.
2  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 7f.
1  [*][X][_][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 1d, bomb.
                          R9. Capture 1a, mark spot 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Wait.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Bomb.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Wait.
                          R15. Capture 7d.
                          R16. Capture 6a, mark spot 6c.
                          R17. Wait.
                          R18. Capture 8c.
                          R19. Bomb.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 201120                                              Rotations: 11/14
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
7  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1a, mark spot 1c.
4  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 3c.
2  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5f, re-mark spot 5f.
1  [*][X][_][_][*][X]     R8. Wait.
                          R9. Bomb, capture 7f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, capture 5d.
                          R11. Capture 8f.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 201121-000111                                      Rotations: 15/15
------------------------                                              Brilliant

8  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
6  [X][_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 3c.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 3f.
3  [_][_][*][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 4f.
2  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 1a.
1  [*][X][_][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 5f.
                          R9. Capture 6f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, then capture 7f, mark spot 2d.
                          R11. Bomb.
                          R12. Capture 4d, mark spot 5a.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Capture 7a.
                          R15. Capture 4c.

-------------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 201121-110112-110010                                Rotations: 12/13
-------------------------------                                   True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
7  [_][*][*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 3e.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 5b, re-mark spot 5b.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][X][_][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 7b.
                          R9. Bomb, capture 5a, run around to other side.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, bomb.
                          R11. Capture 7f.
                          R12. Capture 8f.

-------------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 201121-110112-111011                                Rotations: 14/14
-------------------------------                                       Brilliant

8  [*][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f, bomb.
7  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][*][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 5f, mark spot 1c.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb.
1  [*][X][_][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 3c.
                          R9. Capture 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 5c.
                          R11. Capture 5b.
                          R12. Capture 5a.
                          R13. Capture 6a.
                          R14. Capture 7a, bomb.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 201122                                              Rotations: 16/16
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [_][_][X][*][X][*]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][X][X][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [*][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c, mark spot 2d.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 4d.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5a, mark spot 3c.
1  [*][X][_][_][*][*]     R8. Bomb.
                          R9. Capture 5c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 5d.
                          R11. Capture 6f.
                          R12. Bomb, then capture 7f, mark spot 5d.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Bomb, then capture 7d.
                          R15. Capture 6c.
                          R16. Bomb.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 201211                                               Rotations: 10/?
-----------------

8  [_][_][_][_][*][*]     R1. Capture 1a.
7  [_][*][_][*][X][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
6  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2f, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][*][_][*]     R5. Capture 3f.
3  [_][_][*][X][X][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 4f.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 5a.
1  [*][X][_][*][_][_]     R8. Capture 7d.
                          R9. Capture 7b, mark spot 6e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 7e is
                               protected.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 201222                                              Rotations: 11/11
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
7  [*][X][X][*][*][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark spot 3e.
6  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][X][_][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 5e.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R5. Bomb, capture 5a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4c.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 6a.
1  [*][X][_][*][*][*]     R8. Capture 5c, mark spot 4b.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, capture 6b.
                          R11. Capture 6a.

-------------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 210000-110012-101211                                Rotations: 11/12
-------------------------------                                   True Genius!!

8  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
7  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb, mark front of row f.
6  [_][X][*][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][X][_][*][_][X]     R4. Capture 2f.
4  [_][X][_][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb, capture 3a.
3  [_][X][_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 4a.
2  [_][_][X][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 5a.
1  [*][_][X][X][X][X]     R8. Capture 6a, bomb.
                          R9. Capture 7a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 8a, bomb while running to left.
                          R11. Capture 7d.

-------------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 210000-110012-111211                                 Rotations: 9/11
-------------------------------                                   True Genius!!

8  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark front of row f.
6  [_][X][*][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
5  [_][X][_][*][_][X]     R4. Capture 2f.
4  [_][X][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 4a, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 5a.
2  [_][_][X][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 6a.
1  [*][_][X][X][X][X]     R8. Bomb, capture 7a.
                          R9. Capture 8a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 210000-110102                                        Rotations: 10/?
------------------------

8  [_][_][_][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [X][X][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb 5 times, mark spot 2b.
5  [X][X][_][*][_][*]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 4b.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][X][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 4a, mark front of row d.
1  [*][_][X][X][X][X]     R8. Wait.
                          R9. Capture 2d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 8f.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 210000-110122                                         Rotations: 9/9
------------------------                                              Brilliant

8  [_][*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb, mark front of row f.
7  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
4  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4a, mark front of row e.
3  [_][X][_][*][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][_][*][*]     R7. Bomb, bomb, then capture 2e.
1  [*][_][X][X][X][X]     R8. Bomb.
                          R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 210000-120122                                        Rotations: 8/11
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][X][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, then bomb.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 3a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
3  [*][X][X][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 7b.
2  [_][*][X][_][*][*]     R7. Capture 7f, mark spot 7e.
1  [*][_][X][X][X][X]     R8. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 8e is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 210010                                               Rotations: 14/?
-----------------

8  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
7  [_][_][*][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark front of row c.
6  [X][*][_][*][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 2c, re-mark spot 2c.
4  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 4c, mark spot 2a.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R7. Bomb.
1  [*][_][X][X][_][X]     R8. Capture 4a.
                          R9. Capture 1e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 5f, then bomb.
                          R11. Bomb, then capture 5a.
                          R12. Capture 7c.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Bomb.

------------------------</pre><pre id="faqspan-26">6x8 Puzzle 210012-002010                                       Rotations: 14/14
------------------------                                              Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e.
5  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1b.
3  [_][*][X][X][*][*]     R6. Wait.
2  [X][X][*][X][_][X]     R7. Bomb, then capture 1f.
1  [*][_][X][X][_][*]     R8. Wait.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 8a.
                          R13. Capture 8b.
                          R14. Bomb.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 210012-111121                                       Rotations: 13/14
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][*][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][X][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 1f, bomb, mark spot 2c.
5  [*][X][_][_][X][X]     R4. Bomb.
4  [_][X][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 4c.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4a.
2  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 5d.
1  [*][_][X][X][_][*]     R8. Bomb, capture 5c, mark spot 4f.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 6f.
                          R11. Capture 5a, mark spot 4e.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Capture 6e, bomb.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 210021                                              Rotations: 10/12
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Bomb, capture 1e, mark row d.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 2d.
4  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1f, bomb.
3  [_][*][*][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2f.
2  [_][_][X][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 1a and run up.
1  [*][_][X][X][*][_]     R8. Capture 8c, bomb.
                          R9. Capture 8a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 6d.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 210100                                              Rotations: 14/14
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

8  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
7  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][*][X][X]     R3. Capture 1d, mark front of row f.
5  [*][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2f.
3  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb, bomb, capture 2d, mark spot 4d.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][X][X]     R8. Capture 6d.
                          R9. Capture 5f, re-mark spot 5f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Wait.
                          R11. Bomb, then capture 7f.
                          R12. Capture 5e.
                          R13. Capture 7c, bomb.
                          R14. Capture 7d.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 210101                                               Rotations: 17/?
-----------------

8  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
6  [*][*][X][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
5  [X][_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 3d.
4  [X][_][X][*][X][_]     R5. Capture 4d.
3  [X][_][X][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 1f.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 2f.
1  [*][_][X][_][X][_]     R8. Capture 3f.
                          R9. Capture 4f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 1a, bomb 4 times, mark spot 2a.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Capture 6a.
                          R15. Capture 3b, bomb.
                          R16. Capture 4b.
                          R17. Capture 7b.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 210102                                              Rotations: 12/13
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][*][X][_][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [X][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 1d.
3  [_][*][_][X][*][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 1f.
2  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 2d.
1  [*][_][X][_][X][*]     R8. Bomb, then capture 6b.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, then mark spot 6d.
                          R11. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 7d is
                               protected.
                          R12. Bomb.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 210110                                              Rotations: 11/12
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
7  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [X][*][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, mark front of row c.
5  [X][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb, bomb.
4  [X][_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2c, re-mark spot 2c.
3  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 4c.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][X]     R8. Capture 1d, bomb.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Wait.
                          R11. Bomb.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 210111                                              Rotations: 18/18
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
7  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e.
5  [_][_][X][X][X][*]     R4. Capture 1f, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5f.
3  [_][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d.
2  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 3a, bomb twice, mark spot 4d.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Wait.
                          R9. Capture 6d, mark front of row c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. to R15. Wait.
                          R16. Capture 7c.
                          R17. Capture 7a, bomb.
                          R18. Capture 8a.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 210112-111000                                        Rotations: 10/?
------------------------

8  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
6  [_][_][X][X][*][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1f.
5  [_][_][*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e, mark front of row c.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][*][_][X][_][*]     R6. Bomb, capture 2c.
2  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 6a.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R8. Bomb, capture 6b.
                          R9. Capture 7a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 210112-111001                                       Rotations: 18/18
------------------------                                              Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [*][X][X][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1f.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
4  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R6. Capture 3c, mark spot 3a.
2  [_][_][_][X][X][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 5a, mark spot 3c.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, then capture 5c, mark spot 3b.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 5b.
                          R13. Capture 2f.
                          R14. Capture 3f, bomb.
                          R15. Capture 6a.
                          R16. Capture 7a.
                          R17. Capture 6b.
                          R18. Capture 6c, bomb.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 210112-111011                                       Rotations: 11/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [X][X][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [_][*][_][X][*][X]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 4e.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 3c.
                          R9. Bomb, then capture 7c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 8e.
                          R11. Capture 8f, bomb.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 210112-112121                                        Rotations: 12/?
------------------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4f.
7  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1d, mark spot 3a.
4  [X][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][X]     R6. Capture 5a, mark front of row c.
2  [_][_][*][_][*][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R8. Bomb, bomb, then capture 2d.
                          R9. Capture 3e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 5b.
                          R11. Capture 6a, mark spot 5b.
                          R12. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6b is protected.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 210121-110112                                       Rotations: 11/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2d.
6  [_][*][_][X][*][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [*][X][X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 4d, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1b.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 5d, bomb, run back around to left side.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 5a.
                          R9. Capture 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 6f, bomb.
                          R11. Bomb, then capture 6e.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 210121-111111                                       Rotations: 11/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, mark front of row c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
6  [_][*][X][*][*][*]     R3. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
4  [*][X][_][X][X][X]     R5. Bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 4a, mark spot 2c.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 4c, bomb, mark spot 2c again.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb.
                          R11. Capture 5c.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 210121-112111                                       Rotations: 11/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1e.
6  [*][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a.
5  [X][_][_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][*][X]     R5. Bomb, then capture 4e, mark spot 4a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 6a, mark spot 3f.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb.
                          R9. Bomb, then capture 5f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 5b, bomb.
                          R11. Capture 5c.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 210122                                              Rotations: 13/15
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][*][_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
5  [*][X][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1e, then bomb, mark spot 2d.
4  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 4d.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 3c.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][*]     R8. Capture 5a, mark spot 3c.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, capture 5c.
                          R11. Capture 5d.
                          R12. Capture 6e.
                          R13. Capture 6f.

---------------------------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 211000-110000-210121-120111-100111                  Rotations: 12/15
---------------------------------------------                     True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark row f.
5  [_][X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, bomb.
4  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 3f, mark row d.
2  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R7. Bomb.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][X]     R8. Wait.
                          R9. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 5a, mark spot 6d.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 8d.

---------------------------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 211000-110000-210121-120111-100112                  Rotations: 11/11
---------------------------------------------                         Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb, mark front of row e.
6  [_][X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][X][X][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3e.
3  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 5a, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 6a.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][X]     R8. Bomb.
                          R9. Capture 6d, re-mark spot 6d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Wait.
                          R11. Capture 8d.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 211000-110012                                       Rotations: 13/14
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][*][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [*][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4a, mark front of row d.
3  [_][*][X][_][*][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][X][_][*]     R7. Bomb.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][X]     R8. Wait.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Wait.
                          R11. Capture 6d.
                          R12. Capture 6f.
                          R13. Capture 7f, bomb.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 211000-110020                                      Rotations: 13/13
------------------------                                              Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][X]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, mark front of row e.
6  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2e.
4  [_][X][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 4a.
3  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 5a, bomb, mark front of row d.
2  [_][_][X][X][*][X]     R7. Bomb.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][X]     R8. Wait.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 6d.
                          R13. Capture 7e.

---------------------------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 211000-110121-120111-100112-100111                  Rotations: 12
---------------------------------------------

8  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 4a, mark front of row e.
5  [_][X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][X][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 2e.
3  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 5a, bomb, mark front of row d.
2  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][X]     R8. Wait.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, bomb.
                          R11. Capture 5d.

---------------------------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 211000-110121-120111-100112-102111                  Rotations: 15/16
---------------------------------------------                     True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][*][_][X]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 4a, mark front of row e.
5  [_][X][*][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][X][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 2e.
3  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, mark spot 1c.
2  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][X]     R8. Wait.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, then capture 5c.
                          R11. Capture 5a.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Bomb.
                          R14. Bomb.
                          R15. Capture 5d.

-------------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 211000-110121-210111                                Rotations: 13/15
-------------------------------                                   True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 5c.
7  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [X][X][*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
5  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 5b.
3  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Mark spot 1e.
2  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][X]     R8. Capture 2e.
                          R9. Bomb, then capture 6c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Wait.
                          R11. Bomb.
                          R12. Bomb.
                          R13. Capture 5d.

-------------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 211000-110121-211111                                Rotations: 13/14
-------------------------------                                   True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Bomb, capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
6  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R3. Bomb.
5  [_][X][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3c.
4  [X][X][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1a.
3  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 5d.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][X]     R8. Capture 6d, mark spot 3c.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, then capture 5c, mark spot 3a.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 5a.
                          R13. Bomb.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 211010-110000                                       Rotations: 11/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
7  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
4  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4a.
3  [_][X][X][_][*][*]     R6. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 7b.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][X]     R8. Mark spot 6a.
                          R9. Bomb, then capture 7a while running up and right.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 6d.
                          R11. Capture 7d.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 211010-110001                                       Rotations: 12/14
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [*][*][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
7  [X][X][X][_][*][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
6  [X][*][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb, mark spot 4b.
5  [X][X][_][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 6b.
3  [*][_][_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 1e, mark front of row f.
2  [_][_][X][X][X][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][X]     R8. Bomb.
                          R9. Bomb, capture 3f, mark front of row f again.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb 5 times.
                          R11. Capture 2f.
                          R12. Capture 6c.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 211011-000110                                       Rotations: 15/16
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][X][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1f, re-mark spot 1f.
4  [_][_][_][*][*][_]     R5. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 3f.
2  [X][X][X][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 1c.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 1e, bomb.
                          R9. Capture 2e, bomb, mark spot 1c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb.
                          R11. Capture 3c.
                          R12. Capture 3d.
                          R13. Bomb, capture 7e.
                          R14. Capture 7f.
                          R15. Capture 6a.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 211011-110002                                       Rotations: 11/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
7  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1f.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
5  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
4  [_][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb, mark front of row d.
3  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][X][X][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 3d, bomb, mark spot 6d.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 8d.
                          R11. Bomb, capture 4a.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 211011-210102                                        Rotations: 13/?
------------------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][X][*][X][X]     R3. Capture 1f, bomb.
5  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2f.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1e.
3  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
2  [*][_][X][_][X][*]     R7. Bomb.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 3c.
                          R9. Capture 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 6d, mark spot 5f.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 7f.
                          R13. Capture 7d, bomb.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 211012-121112                                       Rotations: 18/20
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 5d.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark row d.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
4  [X][_][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1f.
3  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 2b.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 4b.
                          R9. Capture 5f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 6f.
                          R11. Mark spot 2a.
                          R12. Bomb, run down right side and across end.
                          R13 to R16. Keep running.
                          R17. Capture 8a, run back into space just opened.
                          R18. Capture 6d.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 211012-210121                                       Rotations: 15/14
------------------------                                  Got any better ideas?

8  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 5c.
7  [_][X][*][*][_][X]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][X][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1f, bomb, mark spot 1c.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 3c.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 5f.
                          R9. Capture 6f, mark spot 4e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Wait.
                          R11. Capture 6e, mark spot 5c.
                          R12. Bomb.
                          R13. Capture 7c.
                          R14. Capture 7a.
                          R15. Capture 8a, bomb, bomb.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 211100                                              Rotations: 16/18
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
7  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [X][X][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1b.
5  [X][X][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d, mark front of row f.
3  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 2f.
1  [*][_][_][_][X][X]     R8. Capture 2c, bomb, re-mark spot 2c.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 4c.
                          R11. Capture 5c.
                          R12. Capture 6c, mark spot 4f.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Capture 6f, mark spot 4d.
                          R15. Bomb.
                          R16. Capture 6d.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 211111                                               Rotations: 12/?
-----------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
4  [_][*][_][*][_][X]     R5. Capture 1d.
3  [X][X][*][X][*][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 2f, mark spot 1e.
2  [_][*][X][_][X][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 3e.
                          R9. Capture 1c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 2d.
                          R11. Bomb, capture 3f.
                          R12. Capture 4e.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 211112                                               Rotations: 11/?
-----------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f.
7  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][*][*]     R5. Capture 1c.
3  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 1d.
2  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 2d.
1  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R8. Bomb, capture 3d.
                          R9. Capture 4d, mark spot 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb,
                          R11. Capture 8a.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 211120                                              Rotations: 10/10
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1d.
4  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 4a, mark spot 1c.
3  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 3c, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_][*][X]     R8. Capture 5f.
                          R9. Capture 8a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 8e.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 211121-101001                                       Rotations: 12/14
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1a.
4  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d.
3  [_][X][_][*][*][*]     R6. Capture 1c.
2  [_][X][_][X][X][_]     R7. Capture 1b.
1  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb, capture 2c.
                          R9. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, capture 2a.
                          R11. Capture 3a.
                          R12. Capture 8b.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 211121-120111                                        Rotations: 8/11
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
7  [_][_][*][*][*][*]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5f.
3  [_][*][*][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 6f, bomb.
2  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 8a, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 211202                                              Rotations: 11/11
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f.
7  [*][X][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Bomb, bomb, then capture 1d, mark spot 5f.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 7f, bomb.
3  [_][X][*][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 7d.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][*][X][*]     R8. Capture 3a, bomb.
                          R9. Capture 7a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 8f.
                          R11. Bomb.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 211210-111110                                       Rotations: 10/11
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
7  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 2d.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][*]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 4d.
4  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4b, bomb, bomb, mark spot 2c.
3  [_][*][X][X][_][X]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 4c, mark spot 4d.
1  [*][_][_][*][_][X]     R8. Wait.
                          R9. Capture 6d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 3e, bomb until clear.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 211210-121110                                       Rotations: 12/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
7  [_][X][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 2b.
4  [_][_][_][*][*][X]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 2e.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 4e, mark spot 5b.
1  [*][_][_][*][_][X]     R8. Wait.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 8b.
                          R11. Bomb, capture 6a.
                          R12. Capture 7a.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 211212                                              Rotations: 12/12
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

8  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
7  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
6  [_][_][X][X][X][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
5  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2a.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][X]     R5. Wait.
3  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2a, mark spot 3f.
2  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [*][_][_][*][_][*]     R8. Bomb, capture 5f.
                          R9. Capture 6f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 7b.
                          R11. Capture 7a.
                          R12. Capture 8a.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 212111                                              Rotations: 14/15
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3f.
7  [_][*][_][_][X][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3d.
4  [_][X][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1e.
3  [_][_][X][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 2e, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 3e.
1  [*][_][*][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 4f.
                          R9. Capture 1f, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 4a.
                          R11. Capture 5a.
                          R12. Bomb, bomb, then capture 7f.
                          R13. Capture 7d.
                          R14. Bomb.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 212112                                               Rotations: 9/12
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
5  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 1f.
3  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 1e.
2  [X][X][X][*][X][X]     R7. Capture 6c.
1  [*][_][*][_][_][*]     R8. Bomb, bomb, then capture 1c.
                          R9. Capture 8d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 221000-111021                                       Rotations: 13/14
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

8  [_][_][X][X][_][*]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb, mark front of row e.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Bomb.
6  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e, mark front of row f.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [X][X][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 2f.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R6. Bomb, capture 4c, mark spot 3a.
2  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][*][_][X][X][X]     R8. Bomb, then capture 5a, mark spot 3b.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 5b, mark spot 6f.
                          R11. Bomb.
                          R12. Capture 8f.
                          R13. Bomb.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 221000-111022                                        Rotations: 12/?
------------------------

8  [_][_][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, then bomb, mark front of row f.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [*][_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2f.
3  [X][X][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 3c.
2  [_][_][_][X][*][*]     R7. Bomb.
1  [*][*][_][X][X][X]     R8. Capture 7a.
                          R9. Capture 7b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 6d.
                          R11. Wait.
                          R12. Bomb.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 221012                                               Rotations: 13/?
-----------------

8  [_][X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 5d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, mark front of row d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
4  [_][_][X][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 5f.
3  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1b, then bomb, mark spot 2d.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][*][_][X][_][*]     R8. Wait.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb.
                          R11. Capture 6d.
                          R12. Capture 7d.
                          R13. Capture 8a.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 221111                                              Rotations: 13/16
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
6  [*][*][*][*][X][*]     R3. Capture 1f.
5  [*][*][*][*][*][*]     R4. Capture 1e.
4  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2f, mark spot 3b.
3  [*][*][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4b is protected.
2  [*][*][X][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb, clear mark.
1  [*][*][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 1d.
                          R9. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, capture 3d.
                          R11. Bomb, then capture 5e.
                          R12. Capture 4d, mark spot 5e.
                          R13. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 6e is
                               protected.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 221122                                              Rotations: 10/11
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
7  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4d, mark spot 3c.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R6. Bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 6c.
1  [*][*][_][_][*][*]     R8. Capture 8e, bomb.
                          R9. Capture 8a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 8b.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 222122                                              Rotations: 12/15
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
7  [_][_][_][X][X][*]     R2. Capture 1c.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
5  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
4  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1f.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2a.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 3a.
1  [*][*][*][_][*][*]     R8. Capture 5d.
                          R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 7f.
                          R11. Capture 6e.
                          R12. Bomb.

-----------------
6x8 Puzzle 222222                                                Rotations: 3/3
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

8  [X][X][*][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb 6 times, mark spot 6c.
7  [*][*][*][*][*][*]     R2. Wait.
6  [*][*][*][*][*][*]     R3. Capture 8c.
5  [*][*][*][*][*][*]
4  [*][*][*][*][*][*]
3  [*][*][*][*][*][*]
2  [*][*][*][*][*][*]
1  [*][*][*][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d  e  f


   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     3.6.2 SIXTH STAGE, WAVES 3 &amp; 4 - 6x9 PUZZLES
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 000001-001111                                        Rotations: 9/10
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d, bomb.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1f.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2f, re-mark spot 2f.
6  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
5  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 4f.
4  [X][X][*][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
3  [X][X][_][*][_][X]     R7. Bomb.
2  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 9d, mark spot 7f.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][_]     R9. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 8f is protected.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 000001-121111                                       Rotations: 15/17
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
8  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
7  [*][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f, bomb.
6  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 3f, mark front of row e.
5  [_][_][_][*][_][*]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 2e, mark front of row d.
3  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 2d.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][_]     R9. Capture 3d, re-mark spot 3d.
                          R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 5d.
                          R12. Capture 3e, mark spot 5a.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Capture 7a.
                          R15. Bomb, bomb, capture 5c.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 000002                                              Rotations: 10/11
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [X][_][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1f, mark front of row c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 2c, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R5. Bomb.
4  [_][_][X][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 5b.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 6b.
2  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 5a, bomb.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][*]     R9. Capture 9b, bomb.
                          10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 000010                                              Rotations: 16/16
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
8  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
7  [*][_][X][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 2e, re-mark spot 2e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
5  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4e, mark front of row d.
4  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb.
3  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 2d, mark front of row c.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][X]     R8. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][X]     R9. Bomb, bomb, capture 2c, re-mark spot 2c.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 4c, mark spot 4a.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Capture 7a, bomb, mark spot 4c.
                          R15. Wait.
                          R16. Capture 6c, bomb.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 000011                                              Rotations: 13/15
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2f.
8  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
7  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb, mark front of row b.
6  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][X][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 2b.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R7. Bomb, mark spot 4b.
2  [_][*][_][X][X][*]     R8. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R9. Capture 6b.
                          R10. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 6a.
                          R12. Capture 7a, mark spot 6b.
                          R13. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7b is protected.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 000012-201111                                       Rotations: 15/16
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a, mark row c.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
7  [_][_][*][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 2c, mark row d.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2d, bomb.
4  [X][X][*][X][_][*]     R6. Wait.
3  [X][X][_][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 1f, bomb.
2  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 3c.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R9. Capture 4c, mark spot 2f.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb, then capture 4f.
                          R12. Bomb.
                          R13. Capture 7f.
                          R14. Wait.
                          R15. Bomb.

----------------------------------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 000012-211012-111011-211001-210121-110112            Rotations: 9/10
----------------------------------------------------              True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2a.
8  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, bomb, mark spot 3e.
7  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb, bomb, then capture 5e.
5  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 4f, mark row c, bomb.
4  [*][_][_][X][X][_]     R6. Bomb, while running around and down left side.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 2c.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 3c.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R9. Capture 4c.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

----------------------------------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 000012-211012-111011-211001-210121-110122            Rotations: 9/12
----------------------------------------------------                  Brilliant

9  [X][X][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2a.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, then bomb twice, mark spot 3e.
7  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][_][X][_][*][*]     R4. Bomb, then capture 5e.
5  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 4f, bomb, mark front of row c.
4  [*][_][_][X][X][_]     R6. Bomb, run through space just cleared.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 2c.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 3c.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R9. Capture 4c.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 000100-000100                                         Rotations: 6/?
------------------------

9  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
8  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
7  [*][_][*][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 4d, bomb 4 times.
5  [_][*][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 9b, bomb 5 times.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 9e, bomb.
3  [X][X][X][*][X][X]
2  [X][X][X][_][X][X]
1  [X][X][X][_][X][X]

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 000100-210200                                       Rotations: 11/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4f.
8  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
7  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2d, mark front of row a.
6  [*][X][X][_][X][X]     R4. Wait.
5  [X][X][_][_][_][X]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2a, mark spot 5e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 7e, mark spot 4a.
2  [*][_][X][*][X][X]     R8. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][_][X][X]     R9. Capture 6a.
                          R10. Capture 6d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb, bomb.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 000100-221112                                       Rotations: 13/13
------------------------                                              Brilliant

9  [*][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b, mark front of row f.
8  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R2. Bomb.
7  [_][X][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
5  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 2d.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 3d, bomb, bomb, mark spot 4c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [*][*][_][_][_][*]     R8. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][_][X][X]     R9. Capture 7c, mark spot 3d.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 5d.
                          R12. Bomb, capture 7a.
                          R13. Bomb, bomb.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 000112-000111                                       Rotations: 10/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [*][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 3b.
8  [X][X][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1f.
7  [_][X][_][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb, mark spot 4d.
6  [_][_][_][*][X][X]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 6d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 7a, re-mark spot 7a.
3  [X][*][X][_][*][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 9a.
1  [X][X][X][_][_][*]     R9. Bomb, capture 7c.
                          R10. Capture 5f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 000112-001211                                       Rotations: 11/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 3a.
8  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, capture 1d.
7  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Bomb, capture 1e.
6  [_][_][*][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1f.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 2d.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
3  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5f.
2  [X][X][_][*][_][_]     R8. Capture 6f, mark spot 6a.
1  [X][X][X][_][_][*]     R9. Bomb.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 9a.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 000112-012111                                       Rotations: 11/11
------------------------                                              Brilliant

9  [_][*][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2c.
8  [X][X][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, bomb.
7  [_][_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 3f, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 4f.
5  [*][_][_][X][X][*]     R5. Capture 5f.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 6c.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 7c.
2  [X][_][*][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 1d, mark spot 2e.
1  [X][X][X][_][_][*]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Bomb, capture 4e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb, capture 8c.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 000121-121212                                         Rotations: 8/8
------------------------                                              Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb, mark front of row b.
8  [X][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
7  [_][X][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 7d.
4  [_][*][*][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 7a, re-mark spot 7a.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R7. Bomb.
2  [_][*][_][*][_][*]     R8. Capture 9a, bomb.
1  [X][X][X][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 000121-210212                                        Rotations: 11/?
------------------------

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
8  [_][_][*][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 3e, mark front of row a.
7  [_][*][X][X][X][X]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2a, mark spot 6f.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, bomb.
4  [_][*][*][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 7f.
3  [_][_][_][X][*][X]     R7. Bomb, then capture 7b.
2  [*][_][X][*][_][*]     R8. Capture 6a.
1  [X][X][X][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 7a, bomb.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 000200                                              Rotations: 10/10
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

9  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, mark front of row a.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2a.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb.
5  [_][*][X][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 5b, mark spot 4f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 6f.
2  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 5a, bomb.
1  [X][X][X][*][X][X]     R9. Capture 9e.
                          R10. Capture 9f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 000201                                              Rotations: 14/16
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
8  [_][_][X][X][*][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1d.
7  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
6  [*][_][X][X][X][*]     R4. Capture 2f.
5  [_][X][_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 3f, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4f, bomb to clear Advantage mark, re-mark
3  [_][_][_][*][_][_]         spot 4f.
2  [*][_][X][X][X][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][*][X][_]     R8. Capture 6f, mark spot 5d.
                          R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Bomb, then capture 7d.
                          R11. Capture 5a.
                          R12. Capture 6a, mark spot 5c.
                          R13. Bomb.
                          R14. Capture 7c.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 001000                                              Rotations: 11/11</pre><pre id="faqspan-27">-----------------                                                     Brilliant

9  [_][*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3f, mark front of row b.
8  [X][X][X][_][_][*]     R2. Wait.
7  [X][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5a.
4  [_][_][_][*][X][X]     R6. Bomb, capture 6a.
3  [_][_][*][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 8d.
2  [_][*][_][X][X][X]     R8. Capture 8f, bomb, mark spot 6a.
1  [X][X][_][X][X][X]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb, capture 9a.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 001010                                              Rotations: 15/16
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][*][_][X][_][*]     R1. Capture 3f.
8  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, mark front of row a.
7  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
5  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R6. Bomb, capture 2c.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 3c.
2  [*][X][_][X][*][X]     R8. Bomb, then capture 2e, mark front of row d.
1  [X][X][_][X][_][X]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 3d, mark spot 3c.
                          R12. Bomb.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Capture 6c.
                          R15. Capture 8d.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 001020                                              Rotations: 13/14
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 4a, bomb.
8  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
7  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1e.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2c.
5  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 3c, mark front of row d.
4  [*][_][X][X][X][X]     R6. Wait.
3  [*][_][_][_][X][X]     R7. Wait.
2  [X][X][_][X][X][X]     R8. Bomb, capture 3d.
1  [X][X][_][X][*][X]     R9. Run up left side of puzzle to end.
                          R10. Keep running, stay near upper right corner.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb, move into space just created.
                          R12. Capture 8d.
                          R13. Capture 9d.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 001121                                              Rotations: 17/21
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
8  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1e.
7  [*][X][X][*][X][*]     R3. Capture 1c.
6  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2e, mark spot 1c.
4  [*][_][*][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb to clear Advantage mark.
2  [X][X][X][X][*][X]     R8. Capture 4c, bomb.
1  [X][X][_][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 1f, mark spot 5f.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 7f.
                          R12. Capture 7a, mark spot 5d.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Bomb, then capture 7d.
                          R15. Wait.
                          R16. Wait.
                          R17. Bomb.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 001210                                                Rotations: 8/?
-----------------

9  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, mark spot 2e.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 4e.
5  [*][_][*][X][X][X]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][*][X]     R6. Capture 6a.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R7. Bomb.
2  [X][*][*][_][_][X]     R8. Capture 9e, bomb.
1  [X][X][_][*][_][X]

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 001212                                              Rotations: 12/13
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][*][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 4a, mark front of row a.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
7  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
6  [X][X][_][*][_][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [X][_][X][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 1d.
4  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb, bomb, then capture 1f.
3  [X][_][*][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5b, re-mark spot 5b.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Bomb.
1  [X][X][_][*][_][*]     R9. Capture 7b.
                          R10. Capture 5f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb.
                          R12. Bomb.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 001221                                              Rotations: 15/16
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
8  [*][_][_][_][X][*]     R2. Capture 1d, mark front of row b.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 2b, bomb, mark spot 3d.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [*][_][X][X][X][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [X][X][_][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb, then capture 6d.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 4f, mark spot 2a.
1  [X][X][_][*][*][_]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 4a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb 4 times, then capture 8f, mark spot 3c.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Bomb, capture 5c while running to rest of Qubes.
                          R14. Capture 6c.
                          R15. Capture 7c.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 002001-021200                                         Rotations: 7/7
------------------------                                              Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1c.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1f, re-mark spot 1f.
7  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4f.
4  [X][*][_][*][X][*]     R6. Wait.
3  [X][_][_][_][X][X]     R7. Bomb.
2  [X][*][_][*][X][X]
1  [X][X][*][X][X][_]

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 002001-121211                                       Rotations: 13/14
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
7  [X][X][*][X][X][*]     R3. Capture 1f.
6  [_][*][_][*][_][X]     R4. Capture 2f, bomb, mark front of row e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2e, mark spot 2f.
3  [X][_][_][_][X][X]     R7. Bomb.
2  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R8. Capture 4f, re-mark spot 4f.
1  [X][X][*][X][X][_]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Bomb,
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 7f.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Bomb, then capture 7c.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 010000-011121                                       Rotations: 14/17
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a, mark front of row e.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e.
6  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb, mark front of row c.
5  [X][X][_][X][X][X]     R5. Wait.
4  [*][_][*][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 2c.
3  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 2b, bomb, mark spot 2c.
2  [X][_][_][_][*][_]     R8. Wait.
1  [X][_][X][X][X][X]     R9. Bomb, then capture 4c, mark spot 2b.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 4b.
                          R12. Capture 5c, bomb.
                          R13. Capture 9a, bomb.
                          R14. Capture 9c.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 010000-121122                                        Rotations: 10/?
------------------------

9  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
8  [X][X][X][*][X][X]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
7  [_][_][*][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2b, mark front of row d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
5  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 2d, bomb.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 6a.
3  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 7a.
2  [_][*][_][_][*][*]     R8. Bomb, capture 6f.
1  [X][_][X][X][X][X]     R9. Bomb, capture 7f.
                          R10. Capture 7b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 010000-211022                                         Rotations: 8/9
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [X][X][X][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
8  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb, then capture 3b, then bomb again.
5  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 7c.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 6f.
3  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 8c.
2  [*][_][_][X][*][*]     R8. Capture 9f.
1  [X][_][X][X][X][X]

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 010010                                              Rotations: 15/16
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
8  [*][X][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
7  [_][_][_][*][X][*]     R3. Bomb 3 times, then capture 2e.
6  [_][*][_][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb, mark front of row c.
5  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 3c, mark spot 4d.
2  [*][X][X][_][*][*]     R8. Wait.
1  [X][_][X][X][_][X]     R9. Capture 6d.
                          R10. Capture 7d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 8a, mark spot 5f.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Bomb, then capture 7f.
                          R14. Wait.
                          R15. Bomb.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 010020                                              Rotations: 12/13
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][_][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
8  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
6  [*][*][X][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 2b.
5  [X][X][_][_][_][X]     R5. Bomb, capture 3a.
4  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4a, re-mark spot 4a.
3  [_][X][_][*][_][_]     R7. Wait while running up right side of puzzle.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 6a.
1  [X][_][X][X][*][X]     R9. Bomb, capture 6d.
                          R10. Capture 6e, mark spot 4f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb 4 times.
                          R12. Capture 6f.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 010121                                              Rotations: 10/10
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3f.
8  [*][*][*][*][*][*]     R2. Capture 1b.
7  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2b.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2d.
3  [X][X][X][X][X][*]     R7. Bomb.
2  [X][*][X][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 4d, bomb.
1  [X][_][X][_][*][_]     R9. Bomb.
                          R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 011001                                              Rotations: 10/10
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
7  [X][X][*][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 2c.
6  [_][*][_][*][_][X]     R4. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 1f, bomb, re-mark spot 1f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R6. Wait.
3  [X][*][_][*][_][_]     R7. Capture 3f, bomb.
2  [X][X][*][X][X][X]     R8. Capture 7c.
1  [X][_][_][X][X][_]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 011022                                              Rotations: 10/17
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [*][_][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
8  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1f.
7  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
6  [X][_][X][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1b.
4  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 2b.
3  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 6b, bomb, bomb, mark spot 5d.
2  [X][_][X][X][X][X]     R8. Wait.
1  [X][_][_][X][*][*]     R9. Capture 7d.
                          R10. Capture 8d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 011210                                              Rotations: 13/16
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][_][*][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2a.
8  [X][_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
7  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
6  [*][_][_][*][_][*]     R4. Capture 2b.
5  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 3b, mark spot 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [X][_][X][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 4a, re-mark spot 4a.
2  [_][_][*][_][_][X]     R8. Wait.
1  [X][_][_][*][_][X]     R9. Bomb, bomb, then capture 6a.
                          R10. Capture 7d, mark spot 2e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 4e.
                          R13. Bomb, bomb.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 011212                                              Rotations: 11/11
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

9  [*][*][_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 1f.
8  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
7  [_][_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f.
6  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2b, mark spot 2f.
5  [*][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 4f.
3  [X][X][X][X][_][X]     R7. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
2  [X][*][_][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 3e.
1  [X][_][_][*][_][*]     R9. Capture 4e.
                          R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb, capture 9f.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 012100                                               Rotations: 11/?
-----------------

9  [_][*][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2f.
8  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1c, mark front of row a.
7  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
6  [X][_][_][_][*][*]     R4. Capture 2a, mark spot 4f.
5  [_][_][*][_][_][X]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 6f, mark spot 5a.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 7a.
1  [X][_][*][_][X][X]     R9. Capture 9d, mark spot 7c.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 9c, bomb.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 012101                                              Rotations: 11/13
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 4a.
8  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
7  [_][*][X][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1f.
6  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
5  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2f, mark spot 2c.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 4c, bomb, bomb, mark spot 6f.
2  [X][_][_][_][X][*]     R8. Wait.
1  [X][_][*][_][X][_]     R9. Capture 8f, mark spot 6e.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 8e.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 012111                                              Rotations: 10/10
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3f.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f, mark front of row a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3a.
3  [*][*][*][*][*][*]     R7. Capture 3c.
2  [X][*][*][*][X][X]     R8. Capture 1e, bomb.
1  [X][_][*][_][_][_]     R9. Capture 6f.
                          R10. Capture 7f, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 012112                                              Rotations: 11/15
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][*][_][X]     R1. Capture 4a.
8  [X][*][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1f.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, then bomb.
6  [*][_][*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 3c.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 4f.
4  [*][X][_][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 5f.
3  [X][X][_][X][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 4c.
2  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 5c.
1  [X][_][*][_][_][*]     R9. Capture 6c, mark spot 7e.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 9e, bomb.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 020102-000200                                        Rotations: 12/?
------------------------

9  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1f.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
7  [_][_][X][X][X][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [*][_][X][*][X][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 6f.
2  [X][X][X][*][X][X]     R8. Capture 7f.
1  [X][*][X][_][X][*]     R9. Bomb, then capture 6d.
                          R10. Capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 6b.
                          R12. Capture 8f, bomb.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 020102-010100                                       Rotations: 14/14
------------------------                                              Brilliant

9  [*][*][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1b.
8  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
7  [X][X][X][X][X][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
6  [_][_][*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2b, bomb.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1f, mark spot 2d.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [X][_][X][_][X][X]     R8. Capture 5d, bomb.
1  [X][*][X][_][X][*]     R9. Capture 6c.
                          R10. Capture 6e, re-mark spot 6e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 8e.
                          R13. Capture 6f, bomb.
                          R14. Capture 7f.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 020112                                               Rotations: 14/?
-----------------

9  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
8  [X][X][*][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
7  [_][X][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1b.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
5  [_][X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 3f, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 7f.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 4d, re-mark spot 4d.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R8. Wait.
1  [X][*][X][_][_][*]     R9. Bomb, then capture 6d.
                          R10. Capture 5a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 6a.
                          R12. Capture 7a, bomb, mark spot 4b.
                          R13. Bomb.
                          R14. Capture 6b.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 021121                                              Rotations: 12/12
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

9  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4d.
6  [_][_][_][_][*][X]     R4. Capture 4f.
5  [X][_][X][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 1b, mark spot 3e.
4  [*][_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 5e, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 5d.
1  [X][*][_][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 5f.
                          R10. Capture 5b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 9a.
                          R12. Capture 9c.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 100000-101211                                       Rotations: 11/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
8  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 2a.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 3a.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 4a, mark front of row d.
5  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 2d, mark spot 7b.
3  [_][X][_][_][*][*]     R7. Bomb, bomb.
2  [_][X][_][*][_][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 9b.
1  [_][X][X][X][X][X]     R9. Bomb, then capture 6f, mark spot 4d.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 6d, bomb.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 100000-111112                                       Rotations: 18/19
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [X][X][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
8  [_][_][_][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
7  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 2a, mark front of row b.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
5  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2b, mark front of row c.
4  [X][_][_][*][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][X][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 2c, mark front of row d.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R8. Wait.
1  [_][X][X][X][X][X]     R9. Capture 2d.
                          R10. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 4d.
                          R12. Capture 3a, bomb, bomb, re-mark spot 3a.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Capture 5a, mark spot 6e.
                          R15. Wait.
                          R16. Capture 8e.
                          R17. Bomb, then capture 6a.
                          R18. Bomb.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 100000-111121                                       Rotations: 12/12
------------------------                                              Brilliant

9  [_][*][*][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
8  [*][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, mark front of row b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [X][X][X][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 2b, bomb, re-mark spot 2b.
4  [X][*][X][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
3  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 4b, mark front of row c.
2  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R8. Wait.
1  [_][X][X][X][X][X]     R9. Capture 2c.
                          R10. Capture 5d, bomb 3 times.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 6d, bomb.
                          R12. Capture 9f.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 100000-112012                                       Rotations: 12/15
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [X][_][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2c.
8  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, mark front of row f.
6  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [X][X][X][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 2f.
4  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 3a, then bomb, mark front of row d.
3  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][*][X][_][*]     R8. Wait.
1  [_][X][X][X][X][X]     R9. Capture 3d.
                          R10. Bomb, capture 5f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Run up-left to remaining Qube.
                          R12. Capture 9b.

-------------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 100000-112112-111111                                Rotations: 10/10
-------------------------------                                       Brilliant

9  [X][_][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2c.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark front of row f.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2f.
5  [X][X][*][X][X][*]     R5. Capture 2a, bomb.
4  [_][*][_][*][*][_]     R6. Capture 3a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 4a.
2  [_][_][*][_][_][*]     R8. Bomb, then capture 5f.
1  [_][X][X][X][X][X]     R9. Capture 5c.
                          R10. Capture 9b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-------------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 100000-112112-211112                                Rotations: 12/12
-------------------------------                                       Brilliant

9  [X][_][*][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2f.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
7  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, mark front of row c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [X][X][_][X][_][X]     R5. Capture 2c.
4  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3a, then bomb, mark spot 4a.
3  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][*][_][_][*]     R8. Wait.
1  [_][X][X][X][X][X]     R9. Capture 7a, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 5c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 5e.
                          R12. Capture 9c, bomb.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 100000-121112                                       Rotations: 16/17
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2b, mark front of row f.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
7  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f.
6  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 2a, mark front of row d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
3  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 2d, mark front of row c.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][*]     R8. Wait.
1  [_][X][X][X][X][X]     R9. Capture 2c, mark spot 2d.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 4d, re-mark spot 4d.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Capture 6d.
                          R14. Wait.
                          R15. Wait.
                          R16. Bomb.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 100000-121121                                       Rotations: 14/14
------------------------                                              Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
8  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 2a.
6  [*][_][_][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 3a.
5  [X][X][X][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 4a, mark front of row e.
4  [_][X][_][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 2e, mark front of row c.
2  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb.
1  [_][X][X][X][X][X]     R9. Capture 2c.
                          R10. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 4c.
                          R12. Capture 5f.
                          R13. Bomb, bomb, capture 5d.
                          R14. Capture 6d.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 100000-200000                                       Rotations: 10/10
------------------------                                              Brilliant

9  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
8  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Bomb.
7  [*][_][*][_][_][*]     R3. Bomb, capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a, mark front of row c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
3  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 3c.
2  [*][X][X][X][X][X]     R8. Capture 4c.
1  [_][X][X][X][X][X]     R9. Capture 8f.
                          10. Bomb 3 times.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 100000-222222                                        Rotations: 9/10
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [X][_][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2c.
8  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
7  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 5b, bomb.
6  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 5a.
5  [_][_][X][X][X][_]     R5. Mark front of row f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 2f.
2  [*][*][*][*][*][*]     R8. Bomb, capture 9b.
1  [_][X][X][X][X][X]     R9. Capture 5f.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 100001                                              Rotations: 10/11
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
8  [X][*][_][_][X][*]     R2. Capture 1f.
7  [X][_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 2f.
6  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, mark front of row d.
5  [X][X][*][*][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
4  [X][X][_][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb, bomb, capture 2d.
3  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 7f.
2  [X][_][X][_][X][*]     R8. Bomb, then capture 8f.
1  [_][X][X][X][X][_]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 100010                                              Rotations: 17/19
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [X][X][X][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
8  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 3a, mark front of row f.
5  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb.
4  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R6. Bomb, capture 2f.
3  [*][_][*][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 1e.
2  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 2d, mark spot 2f.
1  [_][X][X][X][_][X]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 5f, mark front of row d.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Capture 2d, bomb, bomb.
                          R14. Capture 3d, re-mark spot 3d.
                          R15. Wait.
                          R16. Capture 5d.
                          R17. Capture 9f.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 100012                                              Rotations: 13/13
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

9  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f, bomb, mark front of row c.
8  [X][X][X][_][_][*]     R2. Wait.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, mark front of row b.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R6. Bomb, bomb, then capture 2b.
3  [_][X][X][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 2a.
2  [_][*][*][X][*][_]     R8. Capture 3a.
1  [_][X][X][X][_][*]     R9. Capture 4a.
                          R10. Capture 9d, bomb, mark spot 7b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 9b.
                          R13. Bomb.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 100100                                              Rotations: 11/15
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
8  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [X][_][_][*][X][X]     R3. Capture 1d.
6  [X][_][*][_][X][X]     R4. Mark front of row c.
5  [X][_][_][_][X][X]     R5. Wait.
4  [X][_][_][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 2c.
3  [X][_][_][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 2d.
2  [X][X][*][*][_][*]     R8. Bomb.
1  [_][X][X][_][X][X]     R9. Capture 6c, bomb.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 100121                                               Rotations: 12/?
-----------------

9  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
8  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1e.
7  [_][_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][*][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 2a.
5  [*][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a, re-mark spot 3a.
4  [X][X][_][X][X][X]     R6. Bomb.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb, bomb, then capture 5a.
2  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 3c, bomb, bomb.
1  [_][X][X][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 4c, mark spot 3d.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb.
                          R12. Bomb, capture 6d.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 101011                                              Rotations: 13/14
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
8  [X][*][X][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
7  [*][_][*][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a.
4  [X][*][_][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 2a.
3  [_][X][*][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][_][X][X][*]     R8. Bomb, capture 1f.
1  [_][X][_][X][_][_]     R9. Capture 2f.
                          R10. Capture 1e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb, capture 7d.
                          R12. Bomb, bomb, then capture 8b.
                          R13. Capture 7f.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 101012-110111                                       Rotations: 17/18
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
7  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][X][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
5  [*][_][X][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a, mark spot 2d.
4  [_][X][X][X][_][*]     R6. Wait.
3  [*][X][X][X][_][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 5d.
1  [_][X][_][X][_][*]     R9. Capture 2a, mark front of row b.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb, capture 2b.
                          R12. Bomb, then capture 3a.
                          R13. Capture 5e.
                          R14. Capture 5f.
                          R15. Bomb, capture 6e.
                          R16. Run back to left side of puzzle.
                          R17. Bomb, capture 4a.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 101012-120112                                       Rotations: 17/17
------------------------                                              Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
8  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 2a.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
5  [*][_][_][*][_][_]     R5. Bomb, bomb, capture 1f, bomb, mark spot 1c.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [X][X][_][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 3c, mark row d.
2  [_][*][X][_][_][*]     R8. Bomb.
1  [_][X][_][X][_][*]     R9. Capture 2d.
                          R10. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 4d.
                          R12. Capture 5d, mark spot 6f.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Capture 8f.
                          R15. Capture 8a.
                          R16. Capture 9a, bomb.
                          R17. Capture 9f, bomb.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 101112                                              Rotations: 15/17
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
8  [X][_][*][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
7  [X][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
6  [_][X][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
5  [X][_][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 2a.
3  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 5b, re-mark spot 5b.
1  [_][X][_][_][_][*]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 7b, mark spot 4a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 6a.
                          R13. Capture 8f, bomb.
                          R14. Capture 8b, bomb.
                          R15. Bomb, then capture 8c.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 101121                                              Rotations: 13/15
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 3c.
8  [_][*][*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][*][*][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 1c.
5  [_][_][*][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2a, mark front of row b.
4  [X][X][_][X][X][X]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 2b, mark spot 3f.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Wait.
1  [_][X][_][_][*][_]     R9. Bomb, then capture 5f.
                          R10. Capture 3b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 3a.
                          R12. Capture 4c.
                          R13. Capture 8f.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 101210-121122                                       Rotations: 12/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
8  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [*][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R4. Bomb, capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 3a, mark spot 4d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 6d.
2  [_][*][_][_][*][*]     R8. Capture 7a.
1  [_][X][_][*][_][X]     R9. Capture 6f.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb
                          R12. Bomb, bomb

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 101210-221111                                       Rotations: 14/15
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R1. Capture 2b.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, mark front of row f.
7  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][X][_][*][*][*]     R4. Bomb, capture 2f, re-mark spot 2f.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 4f.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R7. Bomb, capture 1a.
2  [*][*][_][_][_][_]     R8. Bomb, capture 6a.
1  [_][X][_][*][_][X]     R9. Bomb, capture 7a.
                          R10. Capture 8a, mark spot 5b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Wait.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Capture 8b.
                          R14. Capture 9f, bomb.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 101211                                              Rotations: 11/12
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
8  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
7  [*][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f, bomb, bomb, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 5d.
5  [_][X][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1a.
4  [_][*][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 3b, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 4b, mark spot 1a.
2  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Wait.
1  [_][X][_][*][_][_]     R9. Capture 3a.
                          R10. Capture 4a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 5a, bomb.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 101212                                              Rotations; 12/13
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [X][_][*][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2b.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
7  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1f, then bomb, mark spot 2f.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [*][_][X][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 4f.
4  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][*][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 2a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R8. Capture 5f.
1  [_][X][_][*][_][*]     R9. Capture 3a, bomb, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 4a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 5a.
                          R12. Capture 2a, bomb, bomb.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 102011                                              Rotations: 10/11
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][X][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
8  [_][_][_][X][_][X]     R2. Capture 1f.
7  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f, bomb, bomb.
6  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 4f.
5  [X][_][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 5f.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5b.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 6b.
1  [_][X][*][X][_][_]     R9. Capture 8e, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 9a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 102111                                               Rotations: 9/12
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f, bomb.
8  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
6  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 4f.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d.
4  [X][X][X][X][X][*]     R6. Capture 5f.
3  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 6f, mark front of row b.
2  [X][*][X][X][_][*]     R8. Bomb, bomb.
1  [_][X][*][_][_][_]     R9. Capture 2b.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 102202                                              Rotations: 10/11
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [*][*][*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 1c.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
7  [X][X][X][X][_][X]     R3. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, bomb.
4  [*][*][*][*][*][*]     R6. Capture 1f.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 6a.
2  [X][X][_][X][X][X]     R8. Capture 6e.
1  [_][X][*][*][X][*]     R9. Capture 7e.
                          R10. Bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 110000                                              Rotations: 10/12
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
8  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a
7  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb, mark front of row d.
6  [_][*][X][X][X][X]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][_][*][X]     R5. Capture 2d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [*][X][_][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 5e.
2  [_][X][_][*][_][X]     R8. Capture 5d.
1  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R9. Capture 7a.
                          R10. Capture 7b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 110020                                              Rotations: 10/11
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][X][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2c.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
6  [_][*][*][*][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
5  [_][_][X][X][*][X]     R5. Capture 3a.
4  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 1b.
3  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 3c.
2  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 5e.
1  [_][_][X][X][*][X]     R9. Capture 4c.
                          R10. Bomb, capture 9a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 110100                                              Rotations: 10/13
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3f, bomb.
8  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
7  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
6  [*][X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
5  [_][X][X][X][X][X]     R5. Bomb, capture 1b.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 5a.
3  [_][_][X][_][*][*]     R7. Capture 6a.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 2d.
1  [_][_][X][_][X][X]     R9. Capture 3d, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 4d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 110102                                               Rotations: 12/?
-----------------

9  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
8  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][X][X][X][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
6  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2b, bomb.
5  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1f, mark front of row c.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R7. Capture 2c, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 3c.
1  [_][_][X][_][X][*]     R9. Capture 1d, bomb.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Mark spot 6e.
                          R12. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7e is protected.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 110110                                              Rotations: 11/11
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a, mark front of row f.
8  [_][*][_][_][X][X]     R2. Wait.
7  [_][_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2f.
6  [_][_][X][X][*][*]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1e, bomb.
3  [*][X][_][*][_][_]     R7. Capture 6f, bomb, mark spot 5c.
2  [X][X][X][X][*][*]     R8. Wait.
1  [_][_][X][_][_][X]     R9. Capture 7c.
                          R10. Capture 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb, bomb.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 110112                                              Rotations: 17/17
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
8  [*][_][X][X][X][*]     R2. Capture 2a.
7  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3a.
6  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1f.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 2d.
3  [*][_][X][*][_][_]     R7. Capture 3d, mark spot 3f.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Wait.
1  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R9. Capture 5f.
                          R10. Capture 1b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 6a, re-mark spot 6a.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Capture 8a.
                          R14. Bomb, then capture 8f, mark spot 7c.
                          R15. Wait.
                          R16. Capture 9c, bomb.
                          R17. Capture 2b, bomb.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 110120                                              Rotations: 14/14
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

9  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b.
6  [*][_][X][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][*][*][*]     R5. Capture 2a.
4  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 1e, mark spot 2c.
2  [*][*][_][_][*][_]     R8. Wait.
1  [_][_][X][_][*][X]     R9. Bomb, capture 4c.
                          R10. Capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb, capture 3b.
                          R12. Capture 4b.
                          R13. Capture 5c.
                          R14. Bomb.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 110121                                              Rotations: 10/11
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
8  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][X][*][X][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
6  [X][X][*][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1e, bomb again.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3e.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][X][*][X]     R7. Bomb.
2  [*][_][X][*][_][*]     R8. Capture 7d.
1  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 7f
                          R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 111002                                              Rotations: 10/10
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

9  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f.
8  [_][_][*][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
7  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R4. Bomb, bomb, then capture 2b.
5  [*][_][_][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1c, mark spot 4f.
3  [X][X][_][*][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 6f.
1  [_][_][_][X][X][*]     R9. Bomb, bomb.
                          R10. Bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 111112-000111                                       Rotations: 10/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 3a.
8  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Bomb, capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1b.
6  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1f.
5  [_][*][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d.
3  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 5f, bomb, mark spot 7d.
2  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R8. Wait.
1  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R9. Capture 9d, mark spot 7d.
                          R10. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 8d is
    a  b  c  d  e  f           protected.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 111112-120011                                       Rotations: 13/13
------------------------                                              Brilliant

9  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f.
8  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
7  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2b.
6  [_][_][X][X][X][*]     R4. Capture 1e.
5  [*][_][_][X][*][_]     R5. Bomb, bomb, then capture 5e.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1a, mark spot 6a.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][*][X][X][_][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 8a.
1  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R9. Capture 1a, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 1c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 1d.
                          R12. Capture 5f.
                          R13. Capture 6f.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 111121-122211                                       Rotations: 10/10
------------------------                                              Brilliant

9  [X][X][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2b, bomb.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 4c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 4a.
6  [_][_][*][*][*][X]     R4. Capture 1d.
5  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2d, bomb.
4  [_][X][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 4e, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5e.
2  [_][*][*][*][_][_]     R8. Bomb, capture 4f.
1  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 5f.
                          R10. Capture 9d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 111121-212211                                       Rotations: 12/12
------------------------                                              Brilliant

9  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
8  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb 3 times, mark spot 4d.
7  [_][_][_][*][*][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][X][_][_][_][X]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 7d, bomb.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 4c.
2  [*][_][*][*][_][_]     R8. Capture 6a.
1  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 7a.
                          R10. Capture 8a, mark spot 5b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 7b, bomb.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 111200                                              Rotations: 12/12
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

9  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
8  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
7  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2b.
6  [_][_][*][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 4c.
5  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 6c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 6f, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_][*][*]     R8. Capture 7f.</pre><pre id="faqspan-28">1  [_][_][_][*][X][X]     R9. Capture 1a, mark spot 4a.
                          R10. Bomb, run through puzzle to remaining Qubes.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 6a.
                          R12. Capture 7a.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 111210                                              Rotations: 13/15
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4b.
8  [_][X][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb twice, mark front of row f.
7  [*][_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Wait.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2f, mark spot 2d.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
4  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 4d.
3  [_][X][X][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 3f.
2  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 1b.
1  [_][_][_][*][_][X]     R9. Capture 1a, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 2a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 3a.
                          R12. Capture 8a.
                          R13. Capture 9c.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 111212                                                Rotations: 7/7
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

9  [X][X][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 1f.
8  [X][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
7  [X][_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 4e.
6  [X][_][_][*][_][X]     R4. Capture 1a.
5  [X][_][*][_][_][X]     R5. Wait.
4  [X][X][X][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 2a, then bomb twice.
3  [_][_][*][*][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 9c.
2  [*][_][*][*][_][_]
1  [_][_][_][*][_][*]

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 112101                                               Rotations: 13/?
-----------------

9  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb, mark spot 2d.
8  [_][X][_][_][_][X]     R2. Wait.
7  [*][_][_][*][X][X]     R3. Capture 4d, bomb.
6  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1f, bomb.
5  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2f, mark spot 2d again.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
2  [*][*][_][_][X][*]     R8. Bomb, capture 5d, re-mark spot 5d.
1  [_][_][*][_][X][_]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 7d, mark spot 6e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7e is protected.
                          R12. Bomb, clear mark while running up left side.
                          R13. Capture 8a.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 112111-111112                                        Rotations: 10/?
------------------------

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
8  [X][X][X][*][X][X]     R2. Capture 1c.
7  [_][*][*][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1f.
4  [_][X][*][X][X][*]     R6. Capture 2f, then bomb.
3  [X][*][_][*][_][_]     R7. Capture 4f.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R8. Wait.
1  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R9. Bomb, then capture 4c.
                          R10. Capture 8d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 112111-121212                                         Rotations: 7/7
------------------------                                              Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
8  [X][_][X][X][*][X]     R2. Capture 4d.
7  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2f, then bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 8e.
4  [X][X][X][*][X][X]     R6. Wait.
3  [*][_][*][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 8b, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][*][_][*]
1  [_][_][*][_][_][_]

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 112112-111111                                         Rotations: 9/9
------------------------                                              Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
8  [X][*][X][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
7  [*][_][*][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 4c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1f.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a, bomb, mark spot 3f.
4  [X][X][*][X][X][X]     R6. Wait.
3  [X][*][_][*][_][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 6f, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_][_][*]     R9. Capture 8b.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 112112-211111                                       Rotations: 13/13
------------------------                                              Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][*][*]     R1. Capture 2a.
8  [_][*][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1f.
7  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3d, mark spot 3e.
4  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R6. Bomb.
3  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Wait.
1  [_][_][*][_][_][*]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 9e.
                          R12. Bomb, then capture 8b.
                          R13. Bomb.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 120021                                              Rotations: 14/15
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!
                                                               (if you're fast)
9  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
8  [_][_][_][X][X][*]     R2. Capture 1b.
7  [_][_][_][X][X][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
6  [*][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
4  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 4a.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 1e.
2  [_][X][X][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 1f.
1  [_][*][X][X][*][_]     R9. Bomb.
                          R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 7f.
                          R12. Capture 8f, run around to other side of puzzle.
                          R13. Capture 8c (if you can reach it).
                          R14. Capture 9c, bomb.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 121000                                              Rotations: 15/16
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1b, mark front of row f.
7  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R3. Bomb.
6  [*][X][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 2f.
5  [_][X][X][X][_][X]     R5. Capture 4a, bomb.
4  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 5e.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 5a.
2  [_][_][_][*][_][*]     R8. Capture 6a, mark spot 4c.
1  [_][*][_][X][X][X]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Bomb, capture 6c, mark spot 4c again.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Wait.
                          R12. Bomb.
                          R13. Capture 7c.
                          R14. Capture 8c.
                          R15. Capture 9c.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 121011-111011                                       Rotations: 15/19
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
5  [X][X][X][X][X][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 2e.
4  [*][*][*][*][*][*]     R6. Capture 1f, mark spot 2e.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 4e.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R9. Capture 2f.
                          R10. Capture 3f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb, then capture 4f.
                          R12. Capture 1c.
                          R13. Capture 5f.
                          R14. Capture 9b.
                          R15. Bomb, capture 9a.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 121011-111112                                       Rotations: 14/16
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
8  [_][*][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1b.
7  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R3. Bomb, capture 1f.
6  [*][_][X][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 4a, mark spot 2d.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][*]     R5. Bomb.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 2f.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 1e.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R9. Capture 2e, bomb, bomb, mark spot 4d.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 6d, mark spot 6f.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Capture 8f.
                          R14. Capture 4c, bomb.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 121011-211021                                       Rotations: 11/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!
                                                               (if you're fast)
9  [_][*][_][X][_][*]     R1. Capture 2e.
8  [*][_][_][X][X][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
7  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2f, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1b.
4  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 3f, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][_]     R7. Capture 8f, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][X][*][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 9f, mark spot 6a (if you can
1  [_][*][_][X][_][_]         get there in time.
                          R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Capture 8a.
                          R11. Bomb, bomb.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 121011-211102                                        Rotations: 12/?
------------------------

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
8  [X][*][_][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
7  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1f.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2f.
5  [_][_][_][*][*][_]     R5. Capture 1e.
4  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb 3 times, capture 3c, mark spot 2b.
3  [X][X][_][X][_][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_][X][*]     R8. Capture 4b, mark spot 6f.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Bomb, then capture 8f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb, then capture 8b, mark spot 7a.
                          R12. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 8a is protected.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 121012-000011                                       Rotations: 16/18
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
8  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
7  [*][_][_][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 3f.
6  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 7f.
3  [_][*][_][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 1c, mark front of row d.
2  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R8. Bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][*]     R9. Wait, run up right side to end of puzzle.
                          R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Wait.
                          R12. Bomb.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Capture 7d, re-mark spot 7d.
                          R15. Wait.
                          R16. Capture 9d.

------------------------
6x8 Puzzle 121012-101210                                        Rotations: 9/10
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, bomb, capture 1b.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
6  [X][X][_][_][*][X]     R4. Capture 1e.
5  [_][*][_][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb, capture 1f.
4  [_][_][*][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 6e.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 6d.
2  [_][X][_][*][_][X]     R8. Capture 6c, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][*]     R9. Capture 2a.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 121012-111011                                        Rotations: 15/?
------------------------

9  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 3d.
8  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
7  [*][X][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 3e.
5  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 5e.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 7a.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][*]     R9. Capture 1a, mark spot 3f.
                          R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. to R14. Wait.
                          R15. Capture 9f, bomb.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 121012-111111                                       Rotations: 10/11
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4b, mark row d.
8  [_][*][*][*][*][_]     R2. Wait.
7  [_][*][*][*][*][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1f, bomb 4 times.
5  [X][X][_][*][_][X]     R5. Capture 3d.
4  [X][*][X][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 4d.
3  [X][X][X][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 5d.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 2f.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][*]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 4f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 121020                                              Rotations: 12/12
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
8  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Wait.
7  [_][_][_][X][*][X]     R3. Capture 1b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
5  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4b.
4  [X][*][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 6d.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 6e.
2  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R8. Bomb, then capture 7e.
1  [_][*][_][X][*][X]     R9. Capture 6f.
                          R10. Capture 9a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 9b, bomb.
                          R12. Capture 9c.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 121022                                              Rotations: 16/18
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4b.
8  [_][_][*][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
7  [_][*][_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1f, bomb.
6  [X][X][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
5  [X][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 4a, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 5b, bomb, re-mark spot 5b.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 7b.
1  [_][*][_][X][*][*]     R9. Bomb, capture 3c, re-mark spot 3c.
                          R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 5c.
                          R12. Capture 6c, mark spot 5e.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Capture 7e, mark spot 4d.
                          R15. Wait.
                          R16. Capture 6d, bomb, bomb.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 121101                                              Rotations: 15/15
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 4d.
8  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
7  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
6  [*][X][*][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 2d, bomb.
5  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5a.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 6a.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 1f.
2  [*][_][_][_][X][_]     R8. Capture 2f, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_][X][_]     R9. Bomb, then capture 3f, mark spot 3c.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb, capture 5c.
                          R12. Capture 5d.
                          R13. Capture 6d.
                          R14. Wait.
                          R15. Bomb, bomb, then capture 6c.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 121111-211011                                       Rotations: 13/13
------------------------                                              Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f.
8  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 2f.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 3f.
6  [_][*][_][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [*][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 6f.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 7f.
3  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 1d.
1  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R9. Capture 2e, mark spot 2c, bomb while running up
                              right side of puzzle to top.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R10. Keep running, go back down left side.
                          R11. Capture 4c.
                          R12. Capture 5c.
                          R13. Capture 6c.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 121111-211121                                       Rotations: 12/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [X][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2e, bomb.
8  [X][_][_][*][X][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 3e.
7  [_][X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5e, mark spot 2c.
5  [_][_][*][_][*][_]     R5. Bomb.
4  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5c.
2  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 3a.
1  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R9. Capture 7a.
                          R10. Capture 8f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb, mark spot 7e.
                          R12. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 8e is protected.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 121112-111111                                       Rotations: 10/11
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f, bomb.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 3f.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
6  [*][_][X][*][X][X]     R4. Bomb, bomb, then capture 4f, mark spot 4d.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R5. Wait.
4  [X][*][_][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 6d, mark spot 3a.
3  [_][_][*][_][X][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_][_][*]     R9. Capture 6a, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 121112-112111                                       Rotations: 12/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [X][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
8  [_][X][X][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
7  [X][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][*][_][X][*]     R4. Bomb, bomb, capture 1d, mark spot 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R5. Wait.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4a.
3  [X][X][_][X][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 2d.
2  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R8. Bomb, capture 3c, mark spot 4f.
1  [_][*][_][_][_][*]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 6f, mark spot 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 8a, bomb, bomb.

-------------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 121121-111111-111212                                Rotations: 13/13
-------------------------------                                       Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
8  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1e.
7  [X][_][_][*][_][X]     R3. Capture 4a, bomb, bomb, mark spot 4f.
6  [_][_][_][X][X][*]     R4. Wait.
5  [*][_][X][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 6f, mark spot 4d.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][*]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 7d, mark spot 6a.
1  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R9. Bomb.
                          R10. Capture 8a, mark spot 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 6c, bomb.
                          R13. Capture 7b.

-------------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 121121-111111-112120                                 Rotations: 10/?
-------------------------------

9  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
8  [_][*][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
7  [_][X][_][_][*][_]     R3. Bomb, bomb, then capture 3e, mark spot 6b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [*][_][*][_][*][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 8a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 7c.
3  [_][_][*][_][*][X]     R7. Capture 8d.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 4a.
1  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 5a, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 8e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 121121-111122                                         Rotations: 7/9
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
8  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 3c.
7  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 6c.
4  [_][_][X][_][*][*]     R6. Capture 6a.
3  [*][_][_][_][*][*]     R7. Bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][*][*]
1  [_][*][_][_][*][_]

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 122112                                                Rotations: 9/9
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

9  [_][*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
7  [X][_][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 3d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 3f.
5  [_][_][*][_][*][*]     R5. Bomb, bomb, then capture 3a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 3c.
3  [*][X][_][*][X][_]     R7. Capture 7b, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 8b.
1  [_][*][*][_][_][*]     R9. Capture 9b, bomb, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 200000-111111                                         Rotations: 6/8
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][*][*][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 3e, bomb.
8  [*][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark front of row c.
7  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 2c.
5  [X][_][X][X][_][X]     R5. Capture 5b, bomb 5 times.
4  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 5e.
3  [_][_][X][_][*][_]
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]
1  [*][X][X][X][X][X]

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 200000-121121                                         Rotations: 8/8
------------------------                                              Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
8  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f, bomb.
6  [_][*][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 1a.
5  [*][_][_][*][_][*]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
3  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb, bomb.
1  [*][X][X][X][X][_]

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 200001                                              Rotations: 10/12
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
6  [*][_][*][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 2f, bomb twice, mark front of row e.
5  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][*][*][*][X]     R6. Capture 2e, mark spot 4a.
3  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 6a, mark front of row d.
1  [*][X][X][X][X][_]     R9. Bomb.
                          R10. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 200012                                              Rotations: 17/17
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

9  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1a, mark row d.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Wait.
7  [X][_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 3d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1e.
4  [_][X][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1f.
3  [_][X][*][*][_][_]     R7. Capture 1e.
2  [_][X][X][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 2f, mark row c.
1  [*][X][X][X][_][*]     R9. Bomb.
                          R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 3c.
                          R12. Capture 2a.
                          R13. Capture 3a.
                          R14. Capture 4a, bomb.
                          R15. Capture 5a.
                          R16. Capture 6a.
                          R17. Capture 6e.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 200020-000111                                       Rotations: 12/14
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
8  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, mark front of row b.
7  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][_][X][X][_][X]     R4. Bomb.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][X]     R5. Capture 3b.
4  [*][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5e, mark spot 1a.
2  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R8. Wait.
1  [*][X][X][X][*][X]     R9. Capture 3a.
                          R10. Capture 6e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb, then capture 7e.
                          R12. Bomb, then capture 4a.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 200020-111111                                       Rotations: 12/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, mark front of row c.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, capture 2c.
6  [*][X][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
5  [_][*][X][X][*][X]     R5. Capture 3c.
4  [_][_][_][*][_][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 5b.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5a.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 4c.
1  [*][X][X][X][*][X]     R9. Bomb, then capture 5e.
                          R10. Capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Wait.
                          R12. Bomb.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 200100                                                Rotations: 7/8
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][*][_][X]     R1. Capture 2d.
8  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
7  [X][*][*][_][X][X]     R3. Wait.
6  [X][_][*][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 5c, bomb, bomb.
5  [X][_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 6f.
4  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
3  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 1a.
2  [X][X][_][*][*][X]
1  [*][X][X][_][X][X]

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 200111                                               Rotations: 14/?
-----------------

9  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
8  [_][_][X][X][*][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][*][*][_][*]     R3. Capture 1f.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
5  [*][X][_][_][*][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 4d, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][X][X][*]     R8. Capture 5c, bomb.
1  [*][X][X][_][_][_]     R9. Capture 5a, mark spot 5c.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb, then capture 7c.
                          R12. Capture 8e.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Bomb.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 200112-111011                                        Rotations: 10/?
------------------------

9  [_][_][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
8  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][X][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
6  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb, re-mark spot 1d.
5  [_][X][X][_][*][_]     R5. Bomb 3 times.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3d.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 5a.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 6a.
1  [*][X][X][_][_][*]     R9. Bomb, bomb, capture 8f.
                          R10. Capture 9a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 200112-121011                                       Rotations: 13/15
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
8  [_][*][*][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [X][X][X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1f, then bomb.
5  [_][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 3f.
4  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 5a.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 6a, bomb, mark spot 4b.
2  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R8. Wait.
1  [*][X][X][_][_][*]     R9. Bomb, capture 6b, re-mark spot 6b.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 8b.
                          R12. Capture 4d, bomb.
                          R13. Bomb.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 200121                                              Rotations: 13/14
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1f.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
5  [*][X][*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5e.
4  [_][_][_][*][_][*]     R6. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5d.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 5f, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][X][X][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 5c.
                          R10. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 6c.
                          R12. Bomb.
                          R13. Capture 9a.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 200122                                              Rotations: 15/16
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 4c.
8  [_][_][*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, mark front of row c.
7  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R3. Bomb.
6  [_][_][*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2c, mark spot 3d.
5  [*][X][X][_][_][*]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 5d.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R8. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark spot 5d.
1  [*][X][X][_][*][*]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 7d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 5a, mark spot 4c.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Bomb, then capture 6c.
                          R14. Capture 9a, mark spot 6c.
                          R15. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7c is protected.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 200201                                                Rotations: 8/8
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f, bomb.
6  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
5  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 3f.
4  [_][_][*][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 4f.
3  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 5a.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Bomb.
1  [*][X][X][*][X][_]

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 201000                                              Rotations: 18/14
-----------------                                         Got any better ideas?

9  [_][X][X][X][_][*]     R1. Capture 7c, bomb, mark row e.
8  [X][_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Wait.
7  [X][_][*][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 2e.
6  [X][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, bomb, capture 1a, mark row f.
4  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 2f, bomb, bomb, mark row d.
2  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Wait.
1  [*][X][_][X][X][X]     R9. Capture 2d, mark spot 5a.
                          R10 to R12. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R13. Capture 9a.
                          R14. Capture 6f
                          R15. Capture 7f.
                          R16. Capture 8f.
                          R17. Capture 9f.
                          R18. Bomb.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 201010                                               Rotations: 9/12
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
8  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
7  [_][_][*][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1a.
6  [_][*][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
5  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 2c, bomb.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 4c.
2  [_][_][_][_][*][*]     R8. Bomb, capture 7e.
1  [*][X][_][X][_][X]     R9. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 201112                                              Rotations: 18/19
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
8  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][*][X][*][_][*]     R3. Capture 1c.
6  [*][_][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a, mark spot 1c.
5  [*][_][X][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb 3 times.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 3c.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 1f, bomb.
2  [_][X][X][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 3f.
1  [*][X][_][_][_][*]     R9. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb, capture 3d.
                          R12. Capture 4d, re-mark spot 4d.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Bomb.
                          R15. Capture 7d.
                          R16. Capture 4f.
                          R17. Capture 4c.
                          R18. Bomb.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 201121                                              Rotations: 10/10
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
8  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3d.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 4d, bomb, mark spot 4a.
5  [X][X][_][*][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 6a.
3  [_][_][X][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 5d.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [*][X][_][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 9a, mark spot 7d.
                          R10. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 8d is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 202011                                              Rotations: 11/11
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
6  [*][X][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 2f.
5  [_][_][*][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 6a, mark spot 4f.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R8. Wait.
1  [*][X][*][X][_][_]     R9. Bomb, bomb, then capture 6f.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb, then capture 5c.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 202121                                              Rotations: 13/14
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
8  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
7  [X][X][*][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][*]     R4. Capture 2c.
5  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2e.
4  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][_]     R7. Capture 4e.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 3c, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][X][*][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 3f, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 7c, mark spot 4a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 6a, bomb.
                          R13. Bomb.

-------------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 210000-110020-010000                                Rotations: 12/12
-------------------------------                                       Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
8  [X][X][X][X][*][_]     R2. Wait.
7  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2a.
5  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][*][*][*]     R6. Bomb, capture 4a.
3  [X][_][X][X][X][X]     R7. Bomb, bomb, capture 3b.
2  [_][_][X][X][*][X]     R8. Capture 4b, mark spot 7c.
1  [*][_][X][X][X][X]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Bomb, capture 9c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 8e, mark spot 7d.
                          R12. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 8d is protected.

-------------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 210000-110020-100002                                Rotations: 15/15
-------------------------------                                       Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][*][_][*]     R1. Capture 5d, bomb, mark front of row a.
8  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
7  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
5  [_][X][*][*][*][_]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb, mark front of row f.
4  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][X][X][X][X][*]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][X][*][X]     R8. Capture 3f, mark front of row e.
1  [*][_][X][X][X][X]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Bomb, then capture 2e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 4a.
                          R12. Capture 5a.
                          R13. Capture 6a, bomb to clear Advantage mark.
                          R14. Capture 7a.
                          R15. Capture 8a, bomb.

-------------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 210000-111112-110012                                Rotations: 13/14
-------------------------------                                   True Genius!!

9  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
8  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark front of row c.
7  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Bomb, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2c, re-mark spot 2c.
5  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [X][X][*][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4c, mark front of row d.
3  [_][_][X][X][_][*]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 2d, bomb, mark spot 3a.
1  [*][_][X][X][X][X]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 5a, mark spot 6f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Wait.
                          R12. Bomb, then capture 8f.
                          R13. Capture 8d, bomb.

-------------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 210000-111112-101211                                Rotations: 16/18
-------------------------------                                   True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3d, bomb, mark front of row f.
8  [_][*][_][X][_][*]     R2. Wait.
7  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 2f.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [X][X][X][X][X][*]     R5. Capture 5f, mark spot 4e.
4  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][X][_][*][_][_]     R7. Capture 6e.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 3a.
1  [*][_][X][X][X][X]     R9. Capture 4a, bomb, re-mark spot 4a.
                          R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 6a, mark spot 4c.
                          R12. Bomb.
                          R13. Bomb, capture 6c, mark spot 4d.
                          R14. Wait.
                          R15. Capture 6d.
                          R16. Capture 6f.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 210002-110000                                       Rotations: 10/10
------------------------                                              Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R1. Capture 4b.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
7  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [X][_][_][*][_][*]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][X][_][*][_][*]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 3a.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 4a.
2  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R8. Bomb 5 times, capture 5a, mark spot 4b.
1  [*][_][X][X][X][*]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 6b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 210002-110121                                        Rotations: 12/?
------------------------

9  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1f.
7  [_][*][X][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 4b.
6  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4a, bomb.
5  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5a, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 6a.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5f.
2  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 6f, bomb, re-mark spot 6f.
1  [*][_][X][X][X][*]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Bomb, then capture 8f, mark spot 6d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb.
                          R12. Capture 8d.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 210011                                              Rotations: 15/17
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
8  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark front of row c.
7  [_][_][X][*][_][*]     R3. Bomb.
6  [_][_][X][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1f.
4  [_][X][_][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 2f, bomb, mark spot 3f.
3  [*][_][_][*][_][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 5f.
1  [*][_][X][X][_][_]     R9. Capture 6f, mark spot 5d.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 7d.
                          R12. Capture 7f, mark spot 7a.
                          R13. Bomb.
                          R14. Capture 9a.
                          R15. Capture 4a, bomb.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 210012-110111                                       Rotations: 12/10
------------------------                                  Got any better ideas?

9  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f.
8  [_][_][*][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4a, re-mark spot 4a.
5  [X][_][*][*][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
4  [_][*][_][_][X][X]     R6. Bomb, bomb, capture 6a, mark front of row d.
3  [_][X][X][X][*][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 2d, mark spot 7f.
1  [*][_][X][X][_][*]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Bomb, capture 9f, mark spot 7d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb.
                          R12. Bomb.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 210012-110121                                       Rotations: 13/14
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
8  [_][*][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
7  [_][X][X][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5e.
5  [_][_][*][X][*][_]     R5. Capture 5f.
4  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3a, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 4a, mark spot 3c.
2  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb.
1  [*][_][X][X][_][*]     R9. Capture 5c.
                          R10. Capture 7a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 8a.
                          R12. Capture 9a.
                          R13. Bomb.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 210021                                              Rotations: 10/13
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
7  [_][_][_][X][*][X]     R3. Wait.
6  [*][_][_][*][_][*]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
5  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a, mark spot 2b.
4  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][X][_][*][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][*][X]     R8. Capture 5b.
1  [*][_][X][X][*][_]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Bomb, bomb, then capture 7e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 210100                                              Rotations: 10/11
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

9  [_][_][*][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 6b.
8  [_][_][_][X][_][X]     R2. Capture 1d.
7  [X][*][X][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 2d.
6  [X][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 3d.
5  [X][X][_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 1a.
4  [X][X][_][_][_][X]     R6. Bomb.
3  [_][_][X][*][X][X]     R7. Capture 7b, mark spot 6e.
2  [_][_][X][_][X][X]     R8. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][X][X]     R9. Bomb, capture 8e.
                          R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 210101-110201                                        Rotations: 9/10
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
8  [X][X][X][X][*][X]     R2. Capture 1d.
7  [*][*][*][*][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4a.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 1f, bomb.
3  [X][X][*][*][*][X]     R7. Capture 8e.
2  [_][_][X][*][X][_]     R8. Capture 2f.
1  [*][_][X][_][X][_]     R9. Bomb, then capture 7a.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 210101-111021                                       Rotations: 14/15
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
8  [X][X][X][X][*][X]     R2. Capture 1d.
7  [*][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, mark front of row c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
5  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 2c, bomb, mark spot 3b.
4  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 5b.
2  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R8. Capture 1f, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][X][_]     R9. Capture 2f.
                          R10. Capture 3f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 7f.
                          R12. Capture 8e, mark spot 1d.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Capture 3d, bomb.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 210111                                              Rotations: 12/13
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
7  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
6  [_][*][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 2e, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 4d.
4  [*][_][_][*][X][_]     R6. Capture 4f, mark spot 2a.
3  [X][X][X][_][*][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb twice, then capture 4a.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R9. bomb.
                          R10. Capture 9f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 9e.
                          R12. Bomb, bomb.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 210112-110111                                       Rotations: 16/18
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
8  [_][_][_][X][*][X]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2a.
7  [_][*][_][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][*][_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 4a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb 3 times, then capture 1f.
4  [*][_][_][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 3f.
3  [X][_][X][X][_][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R9. Capture 6f, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 2d, re-mark spot 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Wait.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Capture 5d.
                          R14. Capture 8e.
                          R15. Wait.
                          R16. Bomb.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 210112-111011                                       Rotations: 15/16
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
8  [_][*][X][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1f.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb, re-mark spot 1d.
5  [X][_][_][*][_][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][X][*][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 3d, mark spot 2c.
3  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 4c.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R9. Capture 4a, re-mark spot 4a.
                          R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 6a.
                          R12. Capture 4d, bomb, mark spot 7e.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Bomb, then capture 7e.
                          R15. Bomb.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 210112-111021                                       Rotations: 14/15
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
8  [X][_][_][X][*][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [*][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
5  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3d, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 3f, bomb, mark spot 3b.
2  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R8. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R9. Capture 5b.
                          R10. Capture 4a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 8e.
                          R12. Capture 7f.
                          R13. Bomb, capture 8c.
                          R14. Capture 8b.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 210112-111121                                       Rotations: 13/13
------------------------                                              Brilliant

9  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
8  [_][_][_][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][X][X][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [*][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
5  [_][*][_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 4a.
4  [*][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5f, bomb, mark spot 6e.
2  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*]     R9. Capture 8e.
                          R10. Capture 7f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 8f, bomb.
                          R12. Capture 3c.
                          R13. Capture 8c.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 210120                                              Rotations: 10/11
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
8  [_][_][X][_][X][*]     R2. Capture 1d.
7  [X][*][_][_][X][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 6f.
4  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 7f.
3  [_][*][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 8d.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Bomb, capture 8f.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][X]     R9. Capture 9d, mark spot 7c.
                          R10. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 8c is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 210121-012101                                       Rotations: 10/10
------------------------                                              Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, bomb, then capture 1e.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
6  [X][*][_][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 2f.
5  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 1b.</pre><pre id="faqspan-29">3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 6b.
2  [X][_][*][_][X][_]     R8. Capture 6c.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 6d, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 1a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

--------------------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 210121-110111-000111-210100                         Rotations: 12/17
--------------------------------------                            True Genius!!

9  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 5c.
8  [X][X][X][X][X][*]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
7  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1e, mark spot 2a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
5  [_][_][*][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 4a.
4  [*][_][X][_][X][X]     R6. Bomb, capture 4d, re-mark spot 3f.
3  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 5f.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R9. Bomb, then capture 7a.
                          R10. Capture 8f, mark spot 7c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Wait.
                          R12. Bomb, then capture 9c.

--------------------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 210121-110111-000111-210202                         Rotations: 12/12
--------------------------------------                                Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
7  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][*][X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][X][X][X][_]     R5. Bomb.
4  [*][_][X][*][X][*]     R6. Capture 4d.
3  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 4f, mark spot 3f.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 5f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb.
                          R12. Bomb, capture 9f.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 210121-112121                                       Rotations: 10/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [*][_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
8  [_][_][*][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
6  [_][*][_][*][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1e, bomb again.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3f.
3  [_][_][X][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 8c.
2  [_][_][*][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 8a, bomb
1  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 9a, bomb.
                          R10. Bomb, capture 8f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 210121-121111                                        Rotations: 9/10
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
8  [_][_][X][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
7  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
6  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5c.
5  [_][_][*][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 5a, bomb, re-mark spot 5a.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb, then capture 7a.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R8. Bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R9. Bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

-------------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 210122-110111-000011                                Rotations: 11/13
-------------------------------                                   True Genius!!

9  [X][X][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 5b, bomb.
8  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2d.
7  [_][X][X][X][X][X]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][X][X][*]     R4. Capture 4d.
5  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 6f.
3  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 5d, mark spot 6b.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][*]     R9. Bomb, bomb, capture 8b.
                          R10. Bomb, capture 7a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 8a.

-------------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 210122-110111-111011                                  Rotations: 9/9
-------------------------------                                       Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
8  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 4f, mark row c.
6  [X][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [X][*][_][_][X][X]     R5. Wait.
4  [X][X][_][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 3c, bomb 4 times, mark spot 2d.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 4d.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][*]     R9. Bomb, capture 4c.

    a  b  c  d  e  f

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 210122-120111                                        Rotations: 11/?
------------------------

9  [_][*][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
8  [*][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
7  [X][_][_][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2d, mark spot 5f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 7f, mark spot 6a.
2  [_][*][X][_][_][_]     R8. Bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][*]     R9. Bomb, then capture 8a.
                          R10. Capture 7b, bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 7c.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 210122-121111                                       Rotations: 17/18
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
8  [X][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
7  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3c, mark spot 3d.
5  [_][_][_][*][X][X]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 5d.
3  [X][_][_][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 3f.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 4f, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][*]     R9. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2e.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 4e.
                          R12. Capture 3b, bomb, mark spot 2a.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Capture 4a.
                          R15. Capture 4b, bomb.
                          R16. Capture 9e.
                          R17. Capture 9f.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 210200                                              Rotations: 12/13
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][X][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
8  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
7  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1d, mark spot 3a.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 5a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R7. Bomb.
2  [_][_][X][X][X][*]     R8. Capture 7e, mark spot 5c.
1  [*][_][X][*][X][X]     R9. Bomb.
                          R10. Bomb, capture 7c, mark spot 7a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 9a.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 210202                                              Rotations: 14/14
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
8  [_][_][_][X][X][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
7  [_][_][_][*][X][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [*][*][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a, bomb.
4  [*][X][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 4a.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 7f.
2  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 8f.
1  [*][_][X][*][X][*]     R9. Capture 9f, bomb, mark spot 5d.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb, then capture 7d.
                          R12. Capture 4a.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Bomb.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 211000-110000                                       Rotations: 12/12
------------------------                                              Brilliant

9  [_][_][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 4f.
8  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
7  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 3a, bomb.
6  [*][X][X][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 4a, bomb 3 times.
5  [_][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5a, bomb.
4  [_][X][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 6a.
3  [_][X][X][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 1c, mark front of row d.
2  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R8. Bomb.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][X]     R9. Wait, while running to end and down right side.
                          R10. Wait, keep running.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 4d.
                          R12. Capture 5d.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 211000-110002                                       Rotations: 11/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, mark front of row f.
8  [*][_][X][X][_][*]     R2. Bomb.
7  [*][_][X][X][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2f.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1c, mark front of row d.
5  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Wait, run up to end of puzzle via the left side.
3  [*][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 3d.
2  [_][_][X][X][X][*]     R8. Bomb, bomb, mark spot 6d.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][X]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 9d.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 211000-111020                                       Rotations: 11/11
------------------------                                              Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
8  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][*]     R4. Capture 2c, bomb.
5  [*][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3c, mark spot 3a.
4  [X][X][*][*][_][*]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R7. Bomb, then capture 5a.
2  [_][_][_][X][*][X]     R8. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][X]     R9. Bomb, then capture 4c.
                          R10. Capture 9b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 9a.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 211012-110111                                       Rotations: 18/20
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
8  [X][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [*][_][_][_][X][*]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2f.
6  [X][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
5  [_][_][*][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 5f.
4  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 6f.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 7f, mark front of row d.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][*]     R9. Capture 2d, bomb, mark spot 3c.
                          R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 5c, mark spot 3a.
                          R12. Bomb, run up right side of puzzle.
                          R13. Capture 5a, re-mark spot 5a.
                          R14. Wait.
                          R15. Capture 7a.
                          R16. Capture 8b.
                          R17. Capture 8c.
                          R18. Bomb, capture 9c.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 211012-111111                                       Rotations: 12/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
8  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
7  [X][X][*][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
6  [X][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2c.
5  [X][_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 3c.
4  [X][_][_][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 3d.
3  [X][X][*][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 3e.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][*]     R9. Capture 5e.
                          R10. Bomb, capture 7c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Mark spot 7d.
                          R12. Bomb while Forbidden Qube on 8d is protected.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 211012-121112                                       Rotations: 12/12
------------------------                                              Brilliant

9  [X][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
8  [X][_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 4b, mark front of row d.
7  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1f, bomb, mark spot 3a.
4  [X][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][_][*][X][X][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 6a, then bomb.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][*]     R9. Capture 4c.
                          R10. Capture 3f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 7f.
                          R12. Capture 9c, bomb.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 211100                                              Rotations: 14/15
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
8  [_][_][_][*][X][X]     R2. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
7  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
6  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 3d.
5  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R7. Capture 1c, bomb, re-mark spot 1c.
2  [_][_][X][X][X][*]     R8. Bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_][X][X]     R9. Capture 3c.
                          R10. Bomb, then capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 5b.
                          R12. Capture 4c, mark spot 7f.
                          R13. Bomb.
                          R14. Capture 9f.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 211101-010201                                       Rotations: 12/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4f.
8  [*][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
7  [_][_][X][X][*][X]     R3. Capture 1c.
6  [_][X][*][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 1f.
3  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 2f.
2  [X][_][X][*][X][_]     R8. Bomb, capture 1b.
1  [*][_][_][_][X][_]     R9. Capture 2b.
                          R10. Capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb.
                          R12. Bomb, bomb, then capture 7e.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 211101-210102                                       Rotations: 20/21
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
8  [_][_][*][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
7  [*][X][X][X][_][X]     R3. Capture 1c.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1f.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2f.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d.
3  [_][X][_][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 2d.
2  [*][_][X][_][X][*]     R8. Capture 6f, bomb, re-mark spot 6f.
1  [*][_][_][_][X][_]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 8f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 6e, bomb.
                          R12. Capture 7e.
                          R13. Capture 3a.
                          R14. Capture 7a, mark spot 3c.
                          R15. Wait.
                          R16. Bomb.
                          R17. Capture 6c, re-mark spot 6c.
                          R18. Wait.
                          R19. Capture 8c.
                          R20. Bomb.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 211102-100000                                       Rotations: 14/13
------------------------                                  Got any better ideas?

9  [X][_][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 3b.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1b.
6  [_][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
5  [_][*][*][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
4  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
2  [_][X][X][X][X][X]     R8. Bomb, capture 3c.
1  [*][_][_][_][X][*]     R9. Bomb, then capture 1f.
                          R10. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 3d, bomb.
                          R13. Capture 8d, bomb, bomb.
                          R14. Capture 9b.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 211102-110022                                       Rotations: 12/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, mark spot 3b.
5  [*][*][*][*][*][*]     R5. Bomb.
4  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 5b.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
2  [_][_][X][X][*][*]     R8. Capture 9f.
1  [*][_][_][_][X][*]     R9. Capture 9e, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 9d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 9c.
                          R12. Capture 9a.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 211110                                              Rotations: 15/17
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3f.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][X][X][X][*]     R4. Capture 1d.
5  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c, mark spot 1d.
4  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [X][_][*][*][*][_]     R7. Capture 3d.
2  [X][_][X][X][X][X]     R8. Bomb, capture 1b.
1  [*][_][_][_][_][X]     R9. Capture 2b.
                          R10. Capture 3b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 4f.
                          R12. Capture 5f.
                          R13. Bomb, then capture 6f.
                          R14. Run to far left corner.
                          R15. Capture 9a.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 211112-000011                                       Rotations: 12/15
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 6d.
8  [*][_][_][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
6  [_][X][X][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 1f, bomb.
4  [_][_][*][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 3f, bomb, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 4f.
2  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 5f.
1  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R9. Capture 6f.
                          R10. Capture 1d, bomb, run left through middle.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb.
                          R12. Capture 6a, bomb until clear.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 211112-111012                                       Rotations: 12/12
------------------------                                              Brilliant

9  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1f, bomb.
8  [X][_][*][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1c.
7  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
6  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, then bomb.
5  [X][X][*][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 3c.
4  [_][X][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 4c, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 5c.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 1d.
1  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R9. Capture 3a, bomb, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 8e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 9e.
                          R12. Capture 4a, bomb.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 211112-121100                                       Rotations: 15/16
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [*][*][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 4b.
8  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
7  [_][_][*][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1f.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d.
4  [X][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 1e.
3  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 2d.
2  [_][*][_][_][X][X]     R8. Capture 3d.
1  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R9. Bomb, capture 4d.
                          R10. Bomb, bomb, then capture 6f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 6e, mark spot 4d.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Bomb, capture 6d, re-mark spot 6d.
                          R14. Wait.
                          R15. Capture 8d.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 211121-100111                                       Rotations: 12/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
8  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][*][_][*]     R3. Capture 1b.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][*][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 2a, bomb, mark spot 3e.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][X][X][_][_][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 5e.
1  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 3a, bomb, mark spot 3c.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 5c.
                          R12. Bomb.

-------------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 211121-110111-000111                                Rotations: 16/16
-------------------------------                                       Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
8  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
7  [X][_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 1c.
6  [_][*][X][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][X][_][X][*]     R5. Bomb, bomb, mark spot 3f.
4  [*][_][X][_][X][X]     R6. Wait.
3  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5f, mark spot 3f again.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 6f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb, capture 4d.
                          R12. Capture 5d.
                          R13. Capture 6d, mark spot 3e.
                          R14. Wait.
                          R15. Wait.
                          R16. Capture 6e.

-------------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 211121-110111-212212                                 Rotations: 12/?
-------------------------------

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
8  [*][_][_][*][*][X]     R2. Bomb, bomb, then capture 1e.
7  [X][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 4a.
6  [_][X][_][_][*][*]     R4. Bomb.
5  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 6a, bomb, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 6c.
3  [*][_][*][*][_][*]     R7. Capture 7c, mark spot 4a.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 8a.
                          R12. Bomb.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 211121-110121                                       Rotations: 13/14
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
8  [X][X][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
7  [_][_][X][X][*][X]     R3. Capture 3f.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][*]     R4. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [*][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3a.
3  [_][X][_][X][X][*]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 4a, mark spot 1c.
1  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 3c, bomb, mark spot 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Wait.
                          R12. Capture 6c.
                          R13. Capture 7e.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 211121-111111                                       Rotations: 13/13
------------------------                                              Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 5f.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][*][X][X][*]     R5. Capture 2c.
4  [*][X][X][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 4a.
3  [_][*][_][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 3c, re-mark spot 3c.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 5c.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Bomb, capture 9f.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 211121-211121                                       Rotations: 10/10
------------------------                                              Brilliant

9  [X][X][_][*][_][X]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2d.
8  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
7  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][X][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 2c.
4  [_][_][X][*][X][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 1a.
3  [_][_][X][X][X][_]     R7. Capture 3f, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 4f.
1  [*][_][_][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 5f.
                          R10. Capture 9d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 211122                                              Rotations: 11/13
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
8  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
7  [X][*][*][*][X][*]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 3c.
6  [X][*][*][*][X][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [X][*][*][*][X][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 5c.
4  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5f.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 6f.
1  [*][_][_][_][*][*]     R9. Capture 7f.
                          R10. Run back to front of puzzle.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 3b, bomb.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 211200                                              Rotations: 11/12
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [X][X][_][*][_][X]     R1. Capture 2f.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
7  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, mark spot 2b.
6  [_][_][_][*][*][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][*][_][X][X][X]     R5. Bomb.
4  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 5b.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, bomb, capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R8. Bomb, capture 3a.
1  [*][_][_][*][X][X]     R9. Bomb, capture 4a.
                          R10. Capture 8a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 9d, bomb.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 211211-111112                                       Rotations: 12/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [X][X][X][X][_][*]     R1. Capture 4b.
8  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
7  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
6  [_][_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 2f, mark spot 2c.
5  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 4c.
3  [_][X][X][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 3a, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][*][_][_]     R9. Capture 4a, mark spot 2d.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 4d.
                          R12. Capture 9f, bomb (you have to run there fast!)

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 211211-211221                                       Rotations: 10/10
------------------------                                              Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
8  [_][*][*][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1f.
7  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3a, mark spot 6c.
3  [_][X][_][X][X][X]     R7. Bomb.
2  [*][_][_][*][*][_]     R8. Capture 8c.
1  [*][_][_][*][_][_]     R9. Capture 7f, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 8f, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 211212                                               Rotations: 14/?
-----------------

9  [_][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
8  [_][*][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, mark spot 3a.
7  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R3. Wait.
6  [*][X][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 5a.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [X][X][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 3d.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 3f.
2  [_][_][*][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 7f.
1  [*][_][_][*][_][*]     R9. Capture 3c.
                          R10. Capture 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb, bomb, capture 5c, mark spot 3b.
                          R12. Wait.
                          R13. Capture 3b.
                          R14. Capture 6a.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 212111-111012                                       Rotations: 11/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [X][*][_][*][_][*]     R1. Capture 5a.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
7  [_][_][*][_][*][_]     R3. Bomb, capture 2f.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 1c.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 1e.
4  [X][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d.
3  [X][_][_][*][_][_]     R7. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 2c, mark spot 4f.
1  [*][_][*][_][_][_]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Bomb, capture 6f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 212111-111100                                       Rotations: 11/13
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][*][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3f.
8  [X][X][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 2c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 4c.
5  [_][*][_][*][_][*]     R5. Bomb, then capture 1a.
4  [X][_][*][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 1f.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 1e.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R8. Capture 3d, mark spot 7b.
1  [*][_][*][_][_][_]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 9b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 212111-111121                                       Rotations: 17/17
------------------------                                              Brilliant

9  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
7  [X][X][X][X][X][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
6  [*][_][*][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 2e.
5  [_][_][X][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 1c, then bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1f, mark spot 4f.
3  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 6f.
1  [*][_][*][_][_][_]     R9. Capture 3c.
                          R10. Capture 4c, re-mark spot 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb.
                          R12. Capture 6c, mark spot 4d.
                          R13. Wait.
                          R14. Capture 6d, mark spot 4e.
                          R15. Bomb.
                          R16. Capture 6e.
                          R17. Capture 7f.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 212112-000010                                       Rotations: 13/13
------------------------                                              Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b, mark spot 1f.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 2f is protected.
4  [_][_][*][*][_][_]     R6. Clear mark.
3  [_][_][X][X][*][_]     R7. Capture 1d.
2  [X][X][X][X][_][X]     R8. Capture 1e.
1  [*][_][*][_][_][*]     R9. Capture 5e, bomb.
                          R10. Capture 5f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 6a.
                          R12. Capture 7a.
                          R13. Capture 9f.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 212112-110211                                       Rotations: 11/12
------------------------                                          True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2d.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 3d.
6  [X][X][X][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 4d.
5  [_][*][X][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 5d.
4  [_][_][X][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 1a.
3  [*][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 1f.
2  [_][_][X][*][_][_]     R8. Bomb.
1  [*][_][*][_][_][*]     R9. Capture 6d.
                          R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Bomb, then capture 1c.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 212122                                              Rotations: 11/11
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [X][X][X][*][X][X]     R7. Bomb, then capture 1f, bomb again.
2  [*][*][*][*][*][*]     R8. Capture 2a.
1  [*][_][*][_][*][*]     R9. Capture 7f.
                          R10. Capture 8f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 9f, bomb.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 220000                                              Rotations: 12/12
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

9  [X][X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 1b, mark front of row c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [*][_][*][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 2c.
4  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [X][X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 4e.
2  [_][_][_][_][*][_]     R8. Wait.
1  [*][*][X][X][X][X]     R9. Bomb, capture 6e.
                          R10. Capture 5f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 6f.
                          R12. Capture 9c.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 221012                                              Rotations: 16/17
-----------------                                                 True Genius!!

9  [_][*][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2d.
8  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
7  [*][X][X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 3b.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3c.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 4c.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 1f, then bomb.
3  [X][_][_][X][X][_]     R7. Capture 3f.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 4f, mark spot 2d.
1  [*][*][_][X][_][*]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Capture 4d, bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 7a.
                          R12. Capture 5c, mark spot 4d.
                          R13. Bomb.
                          R14. Capture 6d, bomb.
                          R15. Capture 7d.
                          R16. Capture 8d.

-----------------
6x9 Puzzle 221222                                              Rotations: 11/11
-----------------                                                     Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
7  [X][X][X][*][X][X]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [*][*][*][_][*][X]     R4. Capture 1c, mark spot 3f.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6f is protected.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Clear mark.
1  [*][*][_][*][*][*]     R9. Capture 3a.
                          R10. Bomb, capture 4a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 7d.

--------------------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 222222-111111-111111-001112                         Rotations: 10/11
--------------------------------------                            True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1e, bomb again, mark spot 3b.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [*][*][*][*][X][X]     R4. Bomb, capture 5b, mark spot 4d.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][X]     R5. Wait.
4  [X][X][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 6d.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5c.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 6b, bomb.
1  [*][*][*][*][*][*]     R9. Wait.
                          R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f

--------------------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 222222-111111-111111-111111                          Rotations: 14/?
--------------------------------------

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 2a.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 3a, bomb.
1  [*][*][*][*][*][*]     R9. Capture 2e.
                          R10. Capture 2f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Capture 8d.
                          R12. Capture 9d
                          R13. Capture 9e.
                          R14. Capture 9f.

------------------------
6x9 Puzzle 222222-222222                                       Rotations: 12/12
------------------------                                              Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2a.
3  [X][X][X][X][*][X]     R7. Capture 3e.
2  [*][*][*][*][*][*]     R8. Wait.
1  [*][*][*][*][*][*]     R9. Bomb, then capture 2b.
                          R10. Capture 7d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f      R11. Wait.
                          R12. Bomb.


-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-
                              3.7 SEVENTH STAGE
-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-

   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     3.7.1 SEVENTH STAGE, WAVES 1 &amp; 2 - 7x7 PUZZLES
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0000001                                             Rotations: 10/10
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 3d, mark front of row f.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [*][X][X][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f.
4  [_][_][*][X][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1g, bomb, mark front of row b.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [_][*][_][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 2b.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][X][_]     R7. Bomb, run left through puzzle.
                             R8. Capture 5a, mark spot 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Wait.
                             R10. Bomb, capture 5d.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0000002                                             Rotations: 13/13
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1g, mark front of row c.
6  [_][_][_][*][X][X][X]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][X][X][X][*][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2c.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5g, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 5e, mark spot 5g.
2  [_][*][*][_][_][*][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 7g, mark spot 4d.
                             R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 6d.
                             R10. Capture 5f, mark spot 4c.
                             R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Capture 6c.
                             R13. Capture 5a.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0000010                                               Rotations: 9/9
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [X][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2g.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, mark row a.
5  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][*][_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a, mark row c.
3  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][*][*]     R6. Capture 2c, bomb, mark row e.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][_][X]     R7. Bomb.
                             R8. Capture 2e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 7f, bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0000011                                             Rotations: 11/12
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2a, mark front of row d.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][*][*]     R4. Capture 1g, bomb.
3  [X][_][_][_][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 2g, bomb.
2  [*][*][*][*][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 1f.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][_][_]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Capture 3g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Wait.
                             R10. Bomb, sneak left into space just opened up.
                             R11. Capture 5d, bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0000020                                             Rotations: 12/13
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f, mark row a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][*][*]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][X][*][X][X][X][X]     R3. Bomb, bomb, then capture 2a, mark row c.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 2c.
2  [*][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 5a, mark spot 2c.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][*][X]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb, then capture 5c, mark spot 4f.
                             R10. Wait.
                             R11. Bomb, then capture 6f.
                             R12. Bomb.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0000111-1210201                                     Rotations: 16/16
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [X][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1f.
3  [_][_][*][_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 1g.
2  [_][*][_][X][*][X][_]     R6. Capture 2g.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 3g, mark spot 2e.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 4e.
                             R10. Bomb, capture 4g, mark spot 1f.
                             R11. Wait while running around puzzle.
                             R12. Capture 3f.
                             R13. Capture 5a.
                             R14. Capture 6b, mark spot 5c.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Bomb, capture 7c.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0000111-2120121                                      Rotations: 14/?
--------------------------

7  [_][_][_][_][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [X][X][*][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [X][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f, then bomb, mark front of row a.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a, mark spot 3e.
2  [*][_][*][X][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5e, re-mark spot 5e.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 7e, mark spot 3g.
                             R10. Bomb.
                             R11. Bomb, bomb, capture 5g, mark spot 3f.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 5f.
                             R14. Capture 6c.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0000112-0121011                                     Rotations: 11/11
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][*][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 3e.
6  [_][_][*][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
5  [*][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3g, mark front of row c.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][*][_][_][_][X][*]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2c.
2  [X][_][*][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1e, bomb.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 7f, bomb.
                             R8. Bomb and run down into space just created.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 6c, mark spot 3e.
                             R10. Bomb.
                             R11. Bomb, capture 5e.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0000112-0221012                                     Rotations: 10/11
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][X][*][*][_]     R3. Capture 1e, mark front of row c.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][*][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2c.
2  [X][*][*][_][X][_][*]     R6. Bomb, capture 3g.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Capture 7b, bomb.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0000112-1210011                                     Rotations: 12/13
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, mark front of row b.
5  [X][_][_][_][X][*][*]     R3. Bomb.
4  [_][_][*][X][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 2b, mark spot 3g.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [_][*][_][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 5g.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 1e, bomb, re-mark spot 1e.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 3e, bomb, run left through puzzle.
                             R10. Mark spot 4a.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 6a.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0000112-1210111                                     Rotations: 10/12
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4e.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][*][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1g.
4  [_][_][_][_][*][X][_]     R4. Capture 2e, bomb, mark front of row b.
3  [_][_][*][_][X][_][*]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2b.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 4g, bomb.
                             R8. Bomb, bomb, run left across back of puzzle.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 5a.
                             R10. Capture 6a, bomb.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0000112-1211011                                     Rotations: 10/12
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1g.
5  [_][_][*][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb, mark front of row d.
4  [*][_][_][_][*][_][X]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 2d, mark spot 1e.
2  [_][*][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 3e.
                             R8. Capture 4e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 4f, mark spot 4e.
                             R10. Bomb 3 times while Forbidden Qube in 5e is
                                  protected.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0000121                                             Rotations: 12/12
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [_][X][X][X][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, mark row d.
5  [*][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 2d, re-mark spot 2d.
3  [*][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4d, bomb.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 5d, re-mark spot 5d.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 7d, mark spot 2f.
                             R10. Bomb.
                             R11. Bomb, capture 4f.
                             R12. Capture 6a, bomb until clear.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0000122                                             Rotations: 10/12
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][*][*][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 5a, bomb 4 times.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [*][_][*][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1g.
3  [X][X][X][*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2e, mark front of row c.
2  [X][X][_][X][*][X][X]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*][*]     R7. Capture 2c, bomb.
                             R8. Capture 7f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Wait.
                             R10. Bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0001002                                             Rotations: 10/11
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [*][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [_][_][X][X][X][_][*]     R2. Bomb, capture 1g.
5  [_][*][_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
3  [_][_][*][*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3d, mark row c.
2  [*][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][_][X][X][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 2c, mark spot 4g.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 6g.
                             R10. Capture 5a, bomb, bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0001010                                              Rotations: 10/?
------------------

7  [X][X][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Bomb, capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 1f.
3  [_][_][X][*][X][X][X]     R5. Bomb, then capture 3d, mark front of row c.
2  [*][*][_][_][X][_][X]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][_][X][_][X]     R7. Capture 2c.
                             R8. Capture 2f, bomb, re-mark spot 2f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb 3 times.
                             R10. Capture 4f.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0001012-1210111                                     Rotations: 13/13
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

7  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e, mark front of row b.
6  [X][X][*][_][_][*][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b.
4  [_][_][_][X][*][X][_]     R4. Capture 1g, bomb.
3  [*][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 3e, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4e.
1  [X][X][X][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 3d, bomb, bomb, mark spot 4c.
                             R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 6c, mark spot 2g.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 4g, bomb.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0001012-2120111                                     Rotations: 13/14
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!
</pre><pre id="faqspan-30">7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c, mark front of row a.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [X][_][_][_][*][X][X]     R3. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][*][_][X][*]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1g.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb, mark front of row e.
2  [*][_][*][X][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 2e, bomb.
                             R8. Capture 4g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 3e.
                             R10. Capture 3c, mark spot 4a.
                             R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Capture 6a.
                             R13. Capture 7c, bomb.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0001012-2220021                                       Rotations: 8/9
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [_][*][*][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [*][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, mark front of row g.
5  [*][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb 4 times.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][X][*]     R5. Bomb, then capture 3g.
2  [*][*][*][X][X][*][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][_][X][_][*]     R7. Bomb.
                             R8. Capture 1g, then bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0001100                                             Rotations: 13/13
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [_][X][_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, mark front of row g.
5  [_][_][_][*][X][X][_]     R3. Bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 2g.
3  [_][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 1d.
2  [*][X][X][X][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][_][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 3d.
                             R8. Capture 2e, bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 5g, mark spot 3d.
                             R10. Wait while running across back of puzzle.
                             R11. Capture 5d, keep running to left corner.
                             R12. Capture 7a.
                             R13. Bomb.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0001112-1121021                                     Rotations: 12/12
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [X][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1g.
5  [*][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [X][_][_][_][*][_][*]     R4. Capture 1d, mark front of row a.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][*][_][X][*][_]     R6. Capture 2a, bomb.
1  [X][X][X][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 3a, bomb, re-mark spot 3a.
                             R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 5a, mark spot 4b.
                             R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 6b.
                             R12. Capture 7g, bomb.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0001112-1210211                                     Rotations: 14/15
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [X][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [*][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][X][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][*][_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 1g.
2  [_][*][_][X][*][_][_]     R6. Bomb, mark row b.
1  [X][X][X][_][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Capture 2b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Capture 4g, bomb, run around and into puzzle.
                             R11. Capture 5a.
                             R12. Capture 6b.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Bomb.

----------------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0001121-1210111-1110001                             Rotations: 10/10
----------------------------------                                    Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [_][_][_][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, mark spot 2f.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [*][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 4f.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3g.
1  [X][X][X][_][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 7g while running to left
                                 side of puzzle, mark spot 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R8. Wait.
                             R9. Capture 6c.
                             R10. Capture 7c.

----------------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0001121-1210111-1111001                             Rotations: 12/12
----------------------------------                                    Brilliant

7  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 5d, mark front of row b.
6  [_][_][X][X][_][*][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b.
4  [*][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1f, bomb, mark spot 2f.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][X][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 4f.
1  [X][X][X][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 3g, bomb, bomb.
                             R8. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Wait.
                             R10. Capture 4d, mark spot 5d.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 7d.

----------------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0001121-1210111-1111112                              Rotations: 9/10
----------------------------------                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1f.
5  [X][*][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb, re-mark spot 1d.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][X][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 3d.
2  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 5c.
1  [X][X][X][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 4g, bomb, mark spot 3d.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 5d, bomb.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0001121-2100111                                     Rotations: 13/13
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

7  [*][*][*][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [_][_][X][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb, mark front of row a.
4  [_][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a, mark spot 1d.
2  [*][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 4a, mark spot 3g.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Bomb.
                             R11. Capture 7g, bomb 3 times, mark spot 3g again.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 5g.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0001122                                              Rotations: 12/?
------------------

7  [*][*][*][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Bomb, capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2d.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 1g, re-mark spot 2d.
3  [*][*][_][X][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb 3 times.
2  [X][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 4d, mark spot 3g.
1  [X][X][X][_][_][*][*]     R7. Bomb.
                             R8. Capture 5g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 4f, bomb, mark spot 2e.
                             R10. Wait.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 5e.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0001212                                             Rotations: 12/13
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][*][*][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [_][X][X][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2d.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1g, mark spot 4d.
2  [*][*][X][_][_][*][X]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][_][*][_][*]     R7. Capture 6d, mark spot 5c.
                             R8. Bomb to clear Advantage mark.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 7c, mark spot 5e.
                             R10. Bomb.
                             R11. Bomb, capture 7e.
                             R12. Capture 6a.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0001221                                              Rotations: 13/?
------------------

7  [_][_][*][*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 4d.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4e.
3  [_][_][X][X][_][X][X]     R5. Bomb, bomb, capture 5e.
2  [*][*][X][_][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb, mark front of row a.
1  [X][X][X][_][*][*][_]     R7. Bomb.
                             R8. Bomb, bomb, then capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Wait.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Bomb.
                             R13. Capture 7a.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0002011                                             Rotations: 12/13
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3f.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, mark row a.
5  [*][X][X][X][X][*][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][X][X]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 1g, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 1f, mark spot 3f.
1  [X][X][X][*][X][_][_]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Bomb, then capture 5f, mark spot 4d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Wait.
                             R10. Capture 6d, bomb, bomb.
                             R11. Capture 5a.
                             R12. Capture 7d.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0002121                                               Rotations: 8/?
------------------

7  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
5  [X][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][*][*][X]     R4. Capture 3g.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Bomb, mark spot 4a.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][*][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 6a.
                             R8. Bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0010000-1210121                                       Rotations: 9/9
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

7  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [X][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Bomb, capture 1c, mark row f.
5  [X][X][X][X][_][*][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][*][X][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 2f, mark row d.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][X][_][*][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][X][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 3d.
                             R8. Bomb, capture 5e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 6e.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0010000-2110122                                       Rotations: 8/9
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [X][X][X][X][X][_][*]     R1. Capture 2g.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, mark front of row a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][*][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a
3  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 2c, bomb, mark front of row e.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][*][*]     R6. Bomb.
1  [X][X][_][X][X][X][X]     R7. Bomb, capture 2e while running to right.
                             R8. Capture 7g, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0010012                                             Rotations: 11/13
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][*][*][*][_][X]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [X][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
5  [*][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1g, then bomb, mark front of row d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][*][_][_][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 2d, mark front of row e.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb.
1  [X][X][_][X][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 2e, bomb.
                             R8. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 4d.
                             R10. Capture 7e, bomb.
                             R11. Bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0010121                                             Rotations: 13/14
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1f, mark front of row a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Bomb.
4  [_][_][_][*][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 2a.
3  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 2d.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [X][X][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 4d.
                             R8. Capture 4f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb, then capture 5f, mark spot 3g.
                             R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 5g.
                             R12. Capture 6b, bomb.
                             R13. Capture 6a.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0011012                                             Rotations: 11/12
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [X][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
6  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, mark front of row a.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][X][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][*][_][X][X][*][_]     R5. Capture 2a.
2  [*][_][X][*][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 1g.
1  [X][X][_][_][X][_][*]     R7. Bomb.
                             R8. Capture 4g, mark spot 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Wait.
                             R10. Bomb, capture 4d while running across back of
                                  puzzle to rear left corner.
                             R11. Capture 6a.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0011020-2100211                                     Rotations: 11/11
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

7  [_][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 1f.
6  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [*][X][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb, mark front of row a.
4  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a, mark spot 1c.
2  [*][_][X][X][*][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [X][X][_][_][X][*][X]     R7. Bomb, capture 3c.
                             R8. Capture 5g, bomb, run left.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 5a, mark spot 4b.
                             R10. Wait.
                             R11. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6b is protected.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0011020-2100212                                     Rotations: 11/12
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 4c.
6  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [_][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb, mark front of row a.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][_][X][X][*][_][*]     R6. Capture 2a, mark spot 1c.
1  [X][X][_][_][X][*][X]     R7. Bomb.
                             R8. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 5a.
                             R10. Bomb.
                             R11. Bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0012102                                              Rotations: 9/11
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1d.
5  [X][*][_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1g.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4d.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 5b, mark spot 4f.
1  [X][X][_][*][_][X][*]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Bomb, then capture 6f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb, capture 5g.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0012121                                             Rotations: 13/15
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][*][_][X]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [X][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1g.
4  [*][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [*][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 3c, mark spot 2d.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][*][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 4d, mark spot 4e.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb, then capture 6e, mark spot 3c.
                             R10. Bomb.
                             R11. Capture 5c.
                             R12. Capture 5b.
                             R13. Capture 6c.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0020101                                               Rotations: 8/8
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [X][_][*][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][*][_][*][*]     R5. Capture 6c.
2  [*][*][*][*][*][X][X]     R6. Capture 7d, bomb.
1  [X][X][*][X][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 6a, bomb.
                             R8. Capture 6e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0020122                                             Rotations: 13/14
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][_][X]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
5  [_][*][_][_][_][*][X]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1c, mark front of row d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 2d.
2  [*][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2c.
1  [X][X][*][X][_][*][*]     R7. Capture 4g, mark spot 3f.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb twice, then capture 5f, mark spot 2e.
                             R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 4e.
                             R12. Capture 5e, bomb.
                             R13. Capture 6f.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0021112                                              Rotations: 9/10
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [X][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1c.
5  [*][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 1g, then bomb.
2  [*][_][X][X][X][*][_]     R6. Capture 3g, mark spot 1e.
1  [X][X][*][_][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Bomb, capture 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 5a, bomb.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0100122-0001111                                     Rotations: 13/14
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
6  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb twice, then capture 1f, bomb again.
5  [_][_][_][*][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb, mark front of row d.
4  [_][*][_][X][X][X][X]     R4. Wait.
3  [*][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 2d.
2  [X][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3d, re-mark spot 3d.
1  [X][_][X][X][_][*][*]     R7. Bomb.
                             R8. Capture 5d, mark spot 3g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Capture 5g.
                             R11. Capture 6b.
                             R12. Capture 7b.
                             R13. Bomb.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0100122-0111211                                     Rotations: 11/13
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
6  [X][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
5  [X][_][_][_][*][*][*]     R3. Bomb, capture 1b.
4  [X][X][X][*][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 2b.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, bomb, capture 3b, re-mark spot 3b.
2  [X][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R6. Bomb, run around into puzzle.
1  [X][_][X][X][_][*][*]     R7. Capture 5a.
                             R8. Capture 6a, mark front of row c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Wait.
                             R10. Capture 2c, bomb.
                             R11. Capture 3c.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0101002                                              Rotations: 9/10
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [X][X][_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][*][X]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [_][*][_][_][*][_][X]     R3. Capture 2d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1g, mark front of row a.
3  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][*][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb, bomb, then capture 2a.
1  [X][_][X][_][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 1b.
                             R8. Capture 2b, bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 7c.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0101012                                             Rotations: 11/12
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][*][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [X][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
5  [_][X][X][_][*][_][*]     R3. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][*][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 2b.
3  [*][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 1f.
1  [X][_][X][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 2g.
                             R8. Bomb, capture 3e, re-mark spot 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Bomb, then capture 5e.
                             R11. Capture 5a, bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0102001                                              Rotations: 10/9
------------------                                        Got any better ideas?

7  [*][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
6  [X][X][X][X][*][X][X]     R2. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1g.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, bomb, mark spot 5a.
2  [X][*][*][_][*][X][X]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][_][X][*][X][X][_]     R7. Capture 7a, mark spot 5d.
                             R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 7d.
                             R10. Bomb, then capture 6e.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0102101                                             Rotations: 10/10
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
6  [X][X][*][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1g, bomb, bomb.
3  [_][_][*][_][*][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [X][*][*][*][*][*][X]     R6. Bomb, mark spot 5f.
1  [X][_][X][*][_][X][_]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Capture 7f, mark spot 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Capture 7a.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0102122                                               Rotations: 8/?
------------------

7  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][*][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
5  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][*][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b, mark front of row a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 2a.
1  [X][_][X][*][_][*][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 1e.
                             R8. Bomb, capture 7g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0110001                                             Rotations: 11/11
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb, mark front of row e.
5  [X][_][X][X][*][X][X]     R3. Wait.
4  [*][*][X][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 2e.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_][X]     R5. Bomb, capture 2g, re-mark spot 2g.
2  [*][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][_][_][X][X][X][_]     R7. Capture 4g.
                             R8. Capture 5e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 1c.
                             R10. Capture 1b, bomb.
                             R11. Capture 5b.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0110112-0011012                                     Rotations: 12/14
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [_][*][*][_][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1g, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
3  [X][*][X][X][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 2c, mark row d.
2  [X][X][_][_][X][_][*]     R6. Bomb.
1  [X][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 2d, bomb.
                             R8. Capture 1e, mark spot 2d
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Wait while running around and into puzzle.
                             R10. Capture 4d.
                             R11. Capture 7b, bomb.
                             R12. Bomb, capture 7g.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0110112-2100112                                     Rotations: 11/11
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 1g, bomb.
6  [X][X][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3g.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 4g, mark front of row a.
3  [_][*][*][*][X][X][_]     R5. Bomb 4 times.
2  [*][_][X][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 2a.
1  [X][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 2e.
                             R8. Bomb, capture 1b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb, capture 1c, mark spot 5a.
                             R10. Wait.
                             R11. Bomb, capture 7a.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0111210                                              Rotations: 9/12
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a, bomb.
6  [X][X][*][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e, then bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [*][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][*][X][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 5e.
1  [X][_][_][_][*][_][X]     R7. Capture 6c.
                             R8. Capture 6d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0111221                                             Rotations: 12/14
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, bomb.
5  [*][X][*][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 3e.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 5a, mark spot 1c.
1  [X][_][_][_][*][*][_]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Capture 3c, bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 4c.
                             R10. Capture 5c.
                             R11. Capture 3d.
                             R12. Capture 3g, bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0112121                                               Rotations: 7/7
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [_][*][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
5  [X][X][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][X][X][X][*][X]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_][*][_][*]     R6. Bomb.
1  [X][_][_][*][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 7g, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0121000-1111002                                     Rotations: 11/11
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [_][_][*][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 3b.
4  [_][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a, mark front of row g.
3  [_][*][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][X][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 2g.
1  [X][_][*][_][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 4a, mark front of row e.
                             R8. Bomb, run across back of puzzle.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb, bomb, run down right side.
                             R10. Capture 3e.
                             R11. Capture 4e.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0121000-2111020                                     Rotations: 11/12
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f, mark front of row a.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2a.
4  [_][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 2d.
3  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_][X][*][X]     R6. Bomb, capture 4d, mark spot 2d again.
1  [X][_][*][_][X][X][X]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Wait.
                             R10. Capture 6d.
                             R11. Capture 7d.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0121000-2111120                                     Rotations: 13/13
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2a, mark row e.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e.
4  [_][*][X][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb, mark row f.
3  [_][X][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][*][X]     R6. Bomb, then capture 2f, mark spot 2d.
1  [X][_][*][_][X][X][X]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Capture 4d, bomb, mark spot 4d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Capture 6d.
                             R11. Capture 3a.
                             R12. Capture 3c.
                             R13. Capture 7d.

--------------------------------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0121000-2111121-0110111-1101121-1120112             Rotations: 13/13
--------------------------------------------------                    Brilliant

7  [X][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
5  [_][_][*][X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 3c, mark front of row a.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [X][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2a.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 3b, mark spot 3c.
1  [X][_][*][_][X][X][X]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Bomb, then capture 5c, mark spot 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Wait.
                             R10. Capture 4d, re-mark spot 4d.
                             R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Capture 6d.
                             R13. Capture 6e.

--------------------------------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0121000-2111121-0110111-1101121-1120211             Rotations: 13/13
--------------------------------------------------                    Brilliant

7  [X][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
5  [_][_][*][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 3b.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 3c, mark front of row a.
3  [X][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 2a, mark spot 2d.
1  [X][_][*][_][X][X][X]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Capture 4d, mark spot 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Capture 5c, mark spot 4d.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 6d.
                             R13. Bomb, capture 6e.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0200002                                             Rotations: 14/15
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, mark front of row f.
5  [X][X][X][X][X][_][*]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][*][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2f.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, bomb, then capture 1b, mark row e.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][*][X][X][X][X][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 2e, mark spot 4a.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 6a.
                             R10. Bomb, capture 3e, re-mark spot 3e.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 6e.
                             R14. Capture 7a.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0200012                                             Rotations: 13/15
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
6  [_][*][_][*][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1b, mark row d.
5  [X][X][X][_][X][_][*]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 2d, mark row e.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2e.
1  [X][*][X][X][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 1g.
                             R8. Capture 1f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 5d, bomb.
                             R10. Capture 5g.
                             R11. Capture 6d.
                             R12. Capture 5f.
                             R13. Bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0200100                                             Rotations: 10/11
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
6  [X][X][_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][*][X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1b, mark row d.
4  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 2d, re-mark spot 2d.
2  [*][_][_][_][X][*][X]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][*][X][X][_][X][X]     R7. Bomb, then capture 4d.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 6g.
                             R10. Bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0200102                                             Rotations: 10/11
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][*][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [X][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1b, mark row f.
5  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2f.
3  [_][_][*][X][_][*][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 1g.
2  [_][X][X][X][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 1e.
1  [X][*][X][X][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 2e.
                             R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 6g, bomb, mark spot 5f.
                             R10. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6f is protected.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0200120                                             Rotations: 13/15
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, mark front of row g.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2g.
3  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1e, bomb, mark front of row d.
2  [X][X][*][*][X][*][*]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][*][X][X][_][*][X]     R7. Bomb, then capture 2d, mark front of row c.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 2c.
                             R10. Wait.
                             R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Capture 7b.
                             R13. Capture 7a.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0201000                                             Rotations: 11/13
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3f.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [_][X][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [*][_][*][*][_][X][X]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][*][X]     R5. Bomb, bomb, then capture 1b.
2  [_][_][_][*][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 2d.
1  [X][*][X][_][X][X][X]     R7. Bomb.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 5a.
                             R10. Capture 5c, bomb.
                             R11. Capture 5d.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0201012-1110011                                     Rotations: 11/12
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [_][*][_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
6  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1b.
5  [X][X][_][_][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 1d.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1g, bomb, mark spot 2g.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][X][X]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 4g, mark spot 2f.
1  [X][*][X][_][X][_][*]     R7. Bomb while running into and across puzzle.
                             R8. Capture 4f, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 5g, mark spot 5d.
                             R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 7d, bomb.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0201012-1110111                                     Rotations: 13/14
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [_][_][*][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
6  [_][*][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1b.
5  [X][X][X][*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1g, mark front of row e.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, bomb, capture 2e.
1  [X][*][X][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 1f.
                             R8. Capture 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 4e.
                             R10. Capture 5d, mark spot 5g.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 7g, bomb, bomb.
                             R13. Bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0201102                                             Rotations: 10/10
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1g.
6  [*][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2e.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][*][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d.
2  [X][X][X][_][*][*][*]     R6. Capture 2d.
1  [X][*][X][_][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 3d, bomb.
                             R8. Bomb, then capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 6c.
                             R10. Bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0201122                                             Rotations: 11/11
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [_][_][*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4e.
2  [X][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4f.
1  [X][*][X][_][_][*][*]     R7. Bomb, bomb.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb 3 times, run to left side of puzzle.
                             R10. Capture 6a.
                             R11. Capture 7a.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0202000                                               Rotations: 8/8
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [X][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, mark front of row f.
6  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][*][_][_][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 2f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, bomb, then capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5g, mark spot 5e.
2  [X][X][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [X][*][X][*][X][X][X]     R7. Bomb, bomb, then capture 7e.
                             R8. capture 7b, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0210121                                             Rotations: 11/12
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [X][X][_][_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
6  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, mark front of row d.
4  [*][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R5. Bomb, capture 2d.
2  [X][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 1f, bomb.
1  [X][*][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 2b, mark spot 2e.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb, capture 4e.
                             R10. Capture 5e.
                             R11. Capture 7g.

------------------------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0211210-0101110-1110000-1111110                     Rotations: 13/14
------------------------------------------                        True Genius!!

7  [_][*][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
6  [X][X][X][X][X][*][X]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
5  [_][_][*][X][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 2b, mark spot 2e.
2  [X][_][X][_][_][_][X]     R6. Bomb.
1  [X][*][_][_][*][_][X]     R7. Capture 4e, mark spot 2f.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 4f, bomb.
                             R10. Capture 5f, bomb.
                             R11. Capture 6f.
                             R12. Capture 5e.
                             R13. Bomb.

------------------------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0211210-0101110-1110000-2111120                     Rotations: 13/14
------------------------------------------                        True Genius!!

7  [X][X][X][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1b.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][*][X]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2f.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R5. Bomb.
2  [X][_][X][_][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 4f, mark spot 2e.
1  [X][*][_][_][*][_][X]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Capture 4e, mark spot 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Wait.
                             R10. Capture 4d, bomb 3 times.
                             R11. Capture 5e.
                             R12. Capture 6c, mark spot 5e.
                             R13. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6e is protected.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 0222122                                               Rotations: 9/?
------------------

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][*][X]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [*][*][*][*][*][X][X]     R4. Capture 3e.
3  [X][X][X][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 4e.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3d.
1  [X][*][*][*][_][*][*]     R7. Bomb.
                             R8. Capture 3g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1000000                                               Rotations: 9/9
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4f, mark front of row c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R4. Bomb.
3  [_][X][X][X][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 4c.
2  [_][X][X][X][X][X][X]     R6. Bomb, capture 1a.
1  [_][X][X][X][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 2a.
                             R8. Bomb, capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 4a.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1000001                                             Rotations: 14/14
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [*][_][X][X][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][_][_][X][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb, re-mark spot 1g.
5  [X][X][_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Bomb, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 3g.
3  [X][_][_][*][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][*][_][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 2a, re-mark spot 2a.
1  [_][X][X][X][X][X][_]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Capture 4a, mark spot 4f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Wait.
                             R10. Capture 6f, mark spot 4a.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Bomb, bomb.
                             R13. Capture 7a, bomb.
                             R14. Capture 6c.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1000102                                               Rotations: 7/8
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [*][_][_][_][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][*][_][*][_][_][X]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1g.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
3  [_][*][_][*][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, bomb.
2  [X][X][*][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 3a.
1  [_][X][X][X][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 2e.

    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1000111                                             Rotations: 12/12
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [*][*][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2g, bomb, mark front of row c.
6  [_][_][X][*][*][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
5  [_][X][X][X][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
4  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb.
2  [X][_][*][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 3a.
1  [_][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 1e, re-mark spot 1e.
                             R8. Bomb,
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb, bomb, capture 3e.
                             R10. Capture 4e, mark spot 3a.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 5a.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1000121                                             Rotations: 10/11
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][*][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
6  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f, bomb.
4  [_][_][*][*][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 2a, mark spot 2g.
3  [_][_][*][_][X][X][X]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][X][X][X][*][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 4g, mark spot 5b.
1  [_][X][X][X][_][*][_]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Bomb, bomb, then capture 7b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 6a, bomb.
                             R10. Capture 7d.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1000201                                              Rotations: 8/10
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][X][_][*][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1g.
3  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2g.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 5a, bomb.
1  [_][X][X][X][*][X][_]     R7. Capture 5c, mark spot 4g.
                             R8. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5g is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1001112                                               Rotations: 9/?
------------------

7  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
5  [_][_][*][_][*][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][*][*][*][*][*][_]     R4. Capture 3d.
3  [_][_][X][*][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1e.
2  [X][X][X][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1g, mark spot 1a.
1  [_][X][X][_][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb, bomb, run toward far left corner.
                             R8. Bomb, bomb, capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 7a, bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1001121                                               Rotations: 7/7
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][*][_][X][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [X][*][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f, bomb.
4  [X][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 1d.
3  [X][_][_][_][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 2d.
2  [X][X][*][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 6b.
1  [_][X][X][_][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb 3 times.

    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1002001                                               Rotations: 8/9
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 5a.
6  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1d.
5  [*][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1g.
4  [X][X][*][_][*][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2g.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 1a.
2  [_][X][_][_][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 2a.
1  [_][X][X][*][X][X][_]     R7. Capture 3a, bomb, run to top right corner.
                             R8. Capture 7g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1002010                                               Rotations: 8/8
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [X][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, mark front of row g.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][*][X]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2g.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
3  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a, bomb.
2  [_][X][*][_][*][X][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 6f.
1  [_][X][X][*][X][_][X]     R7. Capture 6d.
                             R8. Capture 1f, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1010000                                             Rotations: 13/14
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][*][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [_][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [*][X][X][X][X][X][*]     R3. Capture 2a, mark front of row g.</pre><pre id="faqspan-31">4  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2g.
2  [*][_][X][_][*][_][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 5a.
1  [_][X][_][X][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
                             R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 3c, bomb, run to right side.
                             R10. Capture 5g, mark spot 4e.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Bomb, then capture 6e.
                             R13. Bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1010121                                               Rotations: 8/8
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [*][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][*][X]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1f.
3  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 1c.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 4f.
1  [_][X][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 3d.
                             R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1010200                                              Rotations: 9/12
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [_][_][_][_][*][_][*]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][*][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [*][X][X][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 2a, re-mark spot 2a.
3  [X][X][_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [_][*][_][X][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 4a.
1  [_][X][_][X][*][X][X]     R7. Capture 1c.
                             R8. Capture 2c, bomb 6 times.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 3c.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1011022                                             Rotations: 12/12
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
5  [X][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 3g.
4  [X][*][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][X][X][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 1c.
2  [X][_][*][_][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb, bomb, then capture 2c.
1  [_][X][_][_][X][*][*]     R7. Capture 2d.
                             R8. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Capture 3a.
                             R11. Capture 3b.
                             R12. Bomb, bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1011100                                             Rotations: 14/14
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 4a, mark front of row g.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
5  [_][_][X][*][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2g.
4  [*][_][*][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [X][X][_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 2c, bomb.
2  [_][X][_][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 3c, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][_][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 1a.
                             R8. Capture 2a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 4c.
                             R10. Capture 1d.
                             R11. Capture 1e.
                             R12. Capture 2e, bomb.
                             R13. Capture 6g.
                             R14. Capture 7a.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1012001                                             Rotations: 8/8
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [X][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 3g.
6  [_][_][*][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1g.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][*][_][*][*][_]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][*][*][*][*][_][X]     R6. Capture 2a.
1  [_][X][_][*][X][X][_]     R7. Bomb, bomb then capture 6c, mark spot 5d.
                             R8. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6d is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1012100                                             Rotations: 14/16
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 3b.
6  [_][_][X][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, mark front of row g.
5  [_][_][*][X][*][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [*][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2g.
3  [X][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1a.
2  [_][X][_][_][_][X][*]     R6. Bomb, capture 2a.
1  [_][X][_][*][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 3c, mark spot 2a.
                             R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 4a.
                             R10. Bomb, capture 4c.
                             R11. Capture 5c.
                             R12. Capture 3e.
                             R13. Run to far left corner.
                             R14. Bomb, capture 7a.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1012101                                              Rotations: 12/?
------------------

7  [_][_][_][_][*][_][*]     R1. Capture 2g.
6  [*][X][X][*][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
5  [_][_][X][_][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 1d, then bomb twice.
4  [*][_][X][_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1a.
3  [*][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 2a.
2  [_][X][_][_][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 3a.
1  [_][X][_][*][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 3d, bomb twice.
                             R8. Capture 4d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 5d.
                             R10. Capture 6d.
                             R11. Capture 6a, mark spot 5b.
                             R12. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6b is protected.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1012112-0121212                                       Rotations: 9/9
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

7  [X][X][X][X][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb, mark front of row b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2b.
3  [_][X][X][*][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [X][_][*][_][*][_][*]     R6. Capture 3d.
1  [_][X][_][*][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 1a.
                             R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 7g, bomb.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1012112-2011110                                     Rotations: 10/11
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [_][_][*][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
6  [_][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
5  [*][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][X][X][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2a.
2  [*][X][_][_][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 2f.
1  [_][X][_][*][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
                             R8. Capture 3e, mark spot 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Capture 4d.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1021011                                             Rotations: 13/14
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
6  [X][X][X][X][X][X][*]     R2. Capture 1c.
5  [_][*][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
3  [X][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1g, bomb.
2  [_][X][X][X][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 2g.
1  [_][X][*][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 1d, mark front of row e.
                             R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb, capture 2e.
                             R10. Capture 1f.
                             R11. Capture 6g.
                             R12. Capture 5a.
                             R13. Bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1101010                                             Rotations: 10/10
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [X][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
5  [_][_][*][_][*][X][*]     R3. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
3  [_][*][*][_][_][*][*]     R5. Capture 1d.
2  [*][X][X][_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 1f, bomb.
1  [_][_][X][_][X][_][X]     R7. Bomb.
                             R8. Bomb, then capture 5e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Wait.
                             R10. Bomb, then capture 5g.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1101012                                             Rotations: 11/13
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
6  [X][*][_][*][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a.
2  [*][X][X][_][X][*][_]     R6. Capture 1d.
1  [_][_][X][_][X][_][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 2d, mark spot 4d.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 6d.
                             R10. Capture 6b, mark spot 5a.
                             R11. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6a is protected.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1101211                                             Rotations: 10/10
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][*][*][*][X][X][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1b.
2  [*][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 4d.
1  [_][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 5d.
                             R8. Capture 1g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 5g.
                             R10. Bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1102012                                             Rotations: 11/11
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
4  [X][X][_][*][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 1g, then bomb.
3  [*][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 3g.
2  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1a.
1  [_][_][X][*][X][_][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 2a.
                             R8. Capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 4g.
                             R10. Capture 5d.
                             R11. Bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1102122                                             Rotations: 14/16
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4f.
6  [_][X][X][X][X][*][X]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][X][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
3  [*][*][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [X][X][*][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3g.
1  [_][_][X][*][_][*][*]     R7. Capture 4g, bomb, mark spot 4f.
                             R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb, then capture 6f, mark spot 5c.
                             R10. Wait.
                             R11. Bomb, then capture 7c.
                             R12. Capture 5g, bomb.
                             R13. Capture 6a.
                             R14. Capture 7a.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1102222                                              Rotations: 9/11
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [X][*][_][_][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][X][X][X][X][*]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1g.
2  [*][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 5g, mark spot 4e.
1  [_][_][X][*][*][*][*]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Bomb, then capture 6e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1121210                                             Rotations: 12/13
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2g.
6  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
5  [_][_][*][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e, mark spot 1a.
3  [*][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [X][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 3a.
1  [_][_][*][_][*][_][X]     R7. Bomb, then capture 4d, mark spot 2c.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 4c, bomb, mark spot 5a.
                             R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 7a.
                             R12. Bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1122112                                              Rotations: 10/?
------------------

7  [_][*][*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4e.
6  [_][_][_][_][*][X][X]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
5  [_][*][_][_][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1g.
3  [X][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R5. capture 1f.
2  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, bomb, capture 3b.
1  [_][_][*][*][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 7c, bomb, bomb, mark spot 4g.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Capture 7g.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1122222                                              Rotations: 8/10
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [X][_][_][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
6  [_][_][_][*][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb 3 times.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [*][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [X][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1g, then bomb, mark spot 2c.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [_][_][*][*][*][*][*]     R7. Capture 4c.
                             R8. Capture 7b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1200112                                             Rotations: 12/13
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
6  [X][X][X][X][X][*][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][*][_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1g, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 3g.
2  [X][X][_][*][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 4g.
1  [_][*][X][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 5g, bomb.
                             R8. Capture 1e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 6g.
                             R10. Bomb, mark front of row c.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 2c, bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1201100                                             Rotations: 11/12
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e, mark front of row f.
3  [*][*][*][X][*][_][*]     R5. Bomb.
2  [X][X][_][X][*][*][X]     R6. Capture 2f.
1  [_][*][X][_][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 1d.
                             R8. Bomb, then capture 2e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Wait.
                             R10. Wait.
                             R11. Bomb.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1210000-1111121                                     Rotations: 10/11
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
6  [_][*][X][_][*][_][_]     R2. Bomb twice, then capture 1b, mark row d.
5  [*][_][_][X][X][*][X]     R3. Bomb.
4  [X][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d, mark spot 3a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 5a.
1  [_][*][_][X][X][X][X]     R7. Bomb, then capture 5f, mark spot 3c.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb, capture 5c.
                             R10. Capture 3d, bomb.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1210000-2111112                                      Rotations: 14/?
--------------------------

7  [X][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2g.
6  [_][_][*][*][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 3b, mark front of row d.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [X][*][X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 2d, mark front of row e.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X][X][X][X]     R7. Bomb, capture 2e, re-mark spot 2e.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 4e.
                             R10. Capture 5e.
                             R11. Capture 5f.
                             R12. Capture 5g.
                             R13. Bomb.
                             R14. Bomb.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1210102-1111011                                      Rotations: 9/10
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
5  [*][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1g, mark spot 3c.
3  [*][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][X][*]     R7. Bomb, bomb.
                             R8. Capture 7c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 7d.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1210102-1211121                                     Rotations: 12/12
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
5  [X][*][*][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][X][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 2e, bomb, mark spot 2d.
3  [*][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 4d.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 3e.
                             R8. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 5b, mark spot 4a.
                             R10. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5a is protected.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Bomb.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1210102-2111011                                     Rotations: 14/15
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d, mark front of row d.
6  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][_][*][_][X]     R3. Capture 2d.
4  [_][_][_][*][X][_][*]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1g.
3  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1e, re-mark spot 1e.
2  [*][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 3e, re-mark spot 3e.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb, then capture 5e.
                             R10. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 2c.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Bomb, capture 4c, mark spot 5b.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 7b.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1210121-1000000                                     Rotations: 12/12
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

7  [X][X][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1f.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c.
2  [_][X][X][X][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 1a.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 1b.
                             R8. Capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Wait.
                             R10. Bomb, run to right side and mark spot 5g.
                             R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Capture 7g.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1210121-1111111                                       Rotations: 8/8
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
6  [_][*][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [_][_][_][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [*][_][_][X][X][*][_]     R4. Bomb twice, then capture 4f.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4g, mark front of row d.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 2d.
                             R8. Capture 1a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1211000-1110221                                     Rotations: 12/12
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

7  [X][_][*][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 3a, mark spot 2c.
3  [*][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][*][*][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 4c, re-mark spot 4c.
1  [_][*][_][_][X][X][X]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 7c, bomb, mark spot 5f.
                             R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 7f.
                             R12. Capture 5g, bomb.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1211000-2110120                                     Rotations: 12/14
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [X][X][X][X][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 2f, mark row e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][*][X]     R6. Capture 3c.
1  [_][*][_][_][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 3a, bomb, mark spot 3c.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Wait.
                             R10. Capture 6c.
                             R11. Capture 6g.
                             R12. Capture 7g.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1211020                                               Rotations: 8/?
------------------

7  [_][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1f.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [*][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3b, mark spot 1d.
3  [X][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][*][_][*]     R6. Bomb, capture 3d..
1  [_][*][_][_][X][*][X]     R7. Capture 7e.
                             R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1211022                                             Rotations: 11/11
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [_][_][*][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1g, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][X][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [X][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5e.
3  [X][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 6g, mark spot 1d.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
1  [_][*][_][_][X][*][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 3d.
                             R8. Bomb, then capture 3b, mark spot 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Wait.
                             R10. Capture 4c.
                             R11. Capture 4b, bomb, bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1211202                                             Rotations: 10/10
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [X][X][X][X][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
6  [X][_][X][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1g.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b, mark spot 1e.
3  [*][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R6. Bomb, capture 3e, mark spot 3c.
1  [_][*][_][_][*][X][*]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 7f.
                             R10. Capture 6b, bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1211210                                               Rotations: 9/9
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2g.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [*][*][_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 3a.
4  [_][_][X][*][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
3  [_][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 4d.
1  [_][*][_][_][*][_][X]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Capture 5a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1211211                                             Rotations: 14/15
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 4b.
6  [_][*][X][X][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][X][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1f.
3  [_][X][_][*][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 2f, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 5f.
1  [_][*][_][_][*][_][_]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Capture 7f, mark spot 4b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Capture 6b.
                             R11. Capture 3a.
                             R12. Capture 4a, bomb.
                             R13. Capture 5a.
                             R14. Capture 6a.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1221012                                             Rotations: 10/10
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][X][X][X][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb, mark spot 2d.
5  [_][*][X][_][_][_][*]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4d, bomb.
3  [*][X][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][*][_]     R6. Capture 3c.
1  [_][*][*][_][X][_][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 5d, re-mark spot 5d.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 7d.
                             R10. Capture 6g, bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1221100                                               Rotations: 8/9
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [X][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3g, bomb.
6  [_][X][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb, mark spot 2d.
4  [_][_][X][*][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][X][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb, then capture 4d.
2  [*][_][_][_][X][*][_]     R6. Capture 6a.
1  [_][*][*][_][_][X][X]     R7. Bomb.
                             R8. Capture 6f, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 1221112                                             Rotations: 12/13
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [X][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4e.
6  [_][_][_][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1g, bomb, mark spot 2f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][*][X]     R4. Wait.
3  [X][*][X][X][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 4f.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 3b.
1  [_][*][*][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 1e, mark spot 2d.
                             R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 4d.
                             R10. Bomb, capture 5d.
                             R11. Capture 5e.
                             R12. Capture 5f.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2000000-1111101                                     Rotations: 11/12
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4e.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][*][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark front of row g.
5  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][*][X][*][*][*][X]     R4. Capture 2g, bomb, mark front of row e.
3  [_][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 2e, mark front of row d.
1  [*][X][X][X][X][X][X]     R7. Bomb.
                             R8. Capture 2d, mark front of row c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Wait.
                             R10. Capture 2c.
                             R11. Capture 5b.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2000000-1112112                                       Rotations: 9/9
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Bomb.
5  [_][X][_][*][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1a, mark front of row g.
4  [_][_][*][_][*][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2g.
2  [_][_][_][*][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 5a, bomb.
1  [*][X][X][X][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 6a.
                             R8. Bomb, then capture 5d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 5c.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2000002                                             Rotations: 10/10
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, mark front of row e.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, capture 2e.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][*][*]     R4. Bomb, capture 5a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 6a.
2  [_][*][*][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1g, mark front of row d.
1  [*][X][X][X][X][X][*]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 3d.
                             R10. Capture 3e, bomb.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2000012-0011101                                      Rotations: 13/?
--------------------------

7  [X][_][_][_][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [_][_][*][X][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1g.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f, mark front of row d.
4  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][*][_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 2d.
2  [X][X][_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark front of row c.
1  [*][X][X][X][X][_][*]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Capture 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb, capture 2g.
                             R10. Bomb, capture 6e.
                             R11. Capture 6f, mark spot 5g.
                             R12. Bomb.
                             R13. Capture 7g.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2000012-1110011                                      Rotations: 9/12
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [_][*][_][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
6  [*][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1g.
5  [X][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a.
4  [_][_][*][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 4g, re-mark spot 4g.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 6g, mark spot 4a.
1  [*][X][X][X][X][_][*]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb, bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2000111                                             Rotations: 12/12
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
6  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][*][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e, bomb, mark spot 4a.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Bomb.
3  [_][_][*][_][*][_][*]     R5. Capture 6a, then bomb.
2  [_][*][_][X][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 1g.
1  [*][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 2g.
                             R8. Bomb, then capture 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 3g.
                             R10. Capture 1f, re-mark spot 1f.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 3f, bomb.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2000112-1102011                                     Rotations: 12/13
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [_][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
6  [*][X][_][X][*][_][*]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [X][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 1g, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 3g, mark front of row d.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][X][*]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][*][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 2d, mark spot 4a.
1  [*][X][X][X][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Bomb, then capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 5b.
                             R10. Bomb, then capture 6e.
                             R11. Capture 6c.
                             R12. Bomb.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2000112-1121011                                     Rotations: 10/11
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
5  [_][X][X][X][_][X][X]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][*][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
3  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4g, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][*][_][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 4f, mark spot 3e.
1  [*][X][X][X][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Capture 5e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb, capture 5a.
                             R10. Bomb, capture 6a.

--------------------------------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2001121-1110111-1112112-1100011-0011210              Rotations: 9/10
--------------------------------------------------                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark front of row c.
5  [X][X][_][_][*][_][X]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2c, bomb, mark spot 4a.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 7a.
1  [*][X][X][_][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 1f.
                             R8. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 3c.

--------------------------------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2001121-1110111-1112112-1100011-0211200             Rotations: 11/12
--------------------------------------------------                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1a, mark row c.
5  [X][*][_][_][*][X][X]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2c, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1f.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [*][X][X][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 3c.
                             R8. Capture 4f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 5b.
                             R10. Capture 4g.
                             R11. Bomb.

----------------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2001121-1110111-1212112                              Rotations: 9/10
----------------------------------                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 3d.
6  [*][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [X][X][X][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1f.
3  [_][*][_][*][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb, bomb, mark spot 4a.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [*][X][X][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 6a, mark spot 4g.
                             R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 6g.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2001122-0100100                                     Rotations: 15/16
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [*][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 3d.
6  [_][*][X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
3  [*][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d.
2  [X][_][X][X][_][X][X]     R6. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark front of row b.
1  [*][X][X][_][_][*][*]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Capture 2b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 2e, bomb.
                             R10. Capture 6e, bomb.
                             R11. Capture 6b, mark spot 3d.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Bomb, bomb.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 7d.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2001122-1110111                                     Rotations: 11/13
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
6  [_][_][*][X][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [X][*][X][X][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][*][*]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4e.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [*][X][X][_][_][*][*]     R7. Capture 5b.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Wait.
                             R11. Bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2001212                                             Rotations: 12/12
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [X][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
6  [_][X][_][X][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2e.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][*][X][_][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 4e, bomb.
1  [*][X][X][_][*][_][*]     R7. Capture 1g.
                             R8. Capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 6c.
                             R10. Capture 5d, re-mark spot 5d.
                             R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Capture 7d, bomb.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2010000-0011121                                     Rotations: 14/15
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [X][_][*][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2f.
6  [X][X][X][*][X][X][_]     R2. Bomb, capture 1a.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2c, mark row d.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [X][X][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 2d.
1  [*][X][_][X][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 3d, re-mark spot 3d.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 5d.
                             R10. Capture 5e.
                             R11. Capture 6d, mark spot 4g.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 6g, bomb.
                             R14. Capture 5f, bomb.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2010000-1100002                                     Rotations: 11/12
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [_][*][_][_][X][_][*]     R1. Capture 2g.
6  [_][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
5  [X][_][X][_][*][*][_]     R3. Bomb 3 times, then capture 1a, mark spot 1c.
4  [_][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 3c.
2  [_][_][X][X][X][X][*]     R6. Capture 5b, mark spot 4a.
1  [*][X][_][X][X][X][X]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Wait.
                             R10. Capture 7g, bomb.
                             R11. Bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2010001                                              Rotations: 14/?
------------------

7  [_][*][*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4b, bomb.
6  [_][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, mark front of row f.
5  [*][_][_][X][X][X][*]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][*][_][X][*][_][*]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2f, mark front of row d.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 2d.
1  [_][X][_][X][X][X][_]     R7. Capture 1c.
                             R8. Bomb, capture 1a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 2a, mark front of row b.
                             R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 2b.
                             R12. Capture 3d.
                             R13. Capture 5g.
                             R14. Capture 6a.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2010002                                             Rotations: 10/10
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [*][*][*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
5  [X][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R3. Bomb, capture 1g.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 2c.
3  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 3c, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 4c, bomb.
1  [*][X][_][X][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 5b, bomb.
                             R8. Capture 7g, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Bomb twice to clear.
------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2010011                                             Rotations: 10/11
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1g.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, bomb, then capture 2g.
3  [_][_][_][_][*][*][_]     R5. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][X][X][X][X][*]     R6. Capture 1f, bomb, mark spot 5f.
1  [*][X][_][X][X][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
                             R8. Bomb, then capture 7f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 4c, bomb.
                             R10. Bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2010122                                              Rotations: 12/?
------------------

7  [_][*][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
6  [_][X][_][*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, mark front of row d.
5  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
1  [*][X][_][X][_][*][*]     R7. Bomb.
                             R8. Bomb, capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb, capture 4c.
                             R10. Bomb, capture 5a.
                             R11. Bomb, capture 5b.
                             R12. Capture 6a.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2011021                                             Rotations: 13/14
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][_][_][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][*][X][_][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 1f, mark spot 1d.
2  [X][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [*][X][_][_][X][*][_]     R7. Capture 3d, bomb.
                             R8. Capture 1g, mark spot 4e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Wait.
                             R10. Bomb, capture 6e.
                             R11. Capture 4d.
                             R12. Bomb, capture 5d.
                             R13. Capture 4c.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2011211                                             Rotations: 14/15
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [*][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][_][X][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1g.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 2g, bomb.
2  [X][X][X][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 3g.
1  [*][X][_][_][*][_][_]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Bomb twice, then capture 1e, bomb again, mark
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g          spot 1c.
                             R9. Wait.
                             R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 4c, bomb.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Bomb, capture 7g, run across back of puzzle
                                  and back up left side.
                             R14. Capture 5c, bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2011212                                             Rotations: 10/10
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1g, bomb.
6  [_][_][*][*][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [*][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2d.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][X][X]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][*][X][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 4d, bomb.
1  [*][X][_][_][*][_][*]     R7. Bomb, then capture 6c.
                             R8. Bomb, capture 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 4e.
                             R10. Capture 5e.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2021012                                             Rotations: 15/16
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1g.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d, mark spot 3f.
2  [X][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [*][X][*][_][X][_][*]     R7. Bomb, then capture 5f, mark spot 2e.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Wait.
                             R10. Capture 5e, bomb.
                             R11. Capture 4g, bomb twice.
                             R12. Capture 5g, mark spot 2e again.
                             R13. Wait while running to left side of puzzle.
                             R14. Capture 4e.
                             R15. Capture 6a, bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2021121                                             Rotations: 14/16
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [X][_][_][*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][_][X]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Bomb, capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4f, mark spot 3e.
2  [X][*][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [*][X][*][_][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 5e, mark spot 3g.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 5g.
                             R10. Capture 5f, bomb while running towards 1a.
                             R11. Bomb, capture 1a, run around and into puzzle.
                             R12. Capture 6b.
                             R13. Capture 6a.
                             R14. Capture 7b.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2021122                                             Rotations: 15/16
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [X][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1a, mark front of row b.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][X][X]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 1g.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, bomb, then capture 1c.
2  [X][*][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d, mark spot 2e.
1  [*][X][*][_][_][*][*]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 5e.
                             R10. Capture 4f.
                             R11. Capture 5f, mark spot 3g.
                             R12. Bomb.
                             R13. Capture 5g.
                             R14. Capture 6e.
                             R15. Capture 6c, bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2021212                                            Rotations: 10/11
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [X][_][_][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 4e.
6  [X][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][*][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1e, then bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_][X]     R6. Bomb, then capture 1g, mark spot 5d.
1  [*][X][*][_][*][_][*]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Capture 7d, mark spot 5b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Capture 7b, bomb, bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2022200                                               Rotations: 6/6
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [X][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2g.
6  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark front of row b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][*][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 2b.
2  [X][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb.
1  [*][X][*][*][*][X][X]

    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2100001                                             Rotations: 13/16
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [X][X][_][_][_][*][X]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark front of row d.
5  [*][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][*][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 2d, bomb, mark front of row f.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 2f.
1  [*][_][X][X][X][X][_]     R7. Capture 4c, bomb twice.
                             R8. Capture 1g, mark spot 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Wait.
                             R10. Capture 4d.
                             R11. Capture 6f.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2100120                                               Rotations: 9/9
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [_][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2d.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [X][X][_][*][*][*][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb, bomb, mark spot 3a.
2  [_][_][X][_][X][_][*]     R6. Bomb.
1  [*][_][X][X][_][*][X]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 6g, bomb.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2100121-1111111                                     Rotations: 12/13</pre><pre id="faqspan-32">--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
6  [_][X][X][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [X][*][_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R4. Bomb twice, then capture 4g.
3  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 5b, mark spot 2d.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 4d.
                             R8. Bomb, then capture 5d, mark spot 4a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Wait.
                             R10. Capture 6a.
                             R11. Capture 5c, bomb.
                             R12. Capture 7g.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2100121-2101111                                     Rotations: 11/13
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [X][X][X][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark row d.
5  [_][*][_][X][*][_][_]     R3. Bomb, bomb.
4  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1f, mark spot 3c.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [*][_][X][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 5c, bomb, run around towards 4e.
                             R8. Capture 4e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 5e, mark spot 2d.
                             R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 4d, bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2100122                                             Rotations: 10/11
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][*][_][X][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2d.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark spot 3e.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
3  [_][*][*][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 5e, mark spot 5g.
2  [_][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [*][_][X][X][_][*][*]     R7. Capture 7g, mark spot 5e.
                             R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 7e.
                             R10. Capture 7b, bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2101000                                             Rotations: 11/12
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
6  [_][X][_][*][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][*][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb, re-mark spot 1d.
4  [_][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3d.
2  [_][_][X][X][X][*][X]     R6. Bomb, capture 4a, mark spot 3b.
1  [*][_][X][_][X][X][X]     R7. Bomb.
                             R8. Bomb 3 times, then capture 5b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 5a.
                             R10. Capture 6a
                             R11. Capture 4d, bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2101012                                              Rotations: 9/10
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][_][X]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1g.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
4  [X][X][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
3  [*][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][X][*][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d.
1  [*][_][X][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 6c.
                             R8. Capture 6d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 6f.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2101100-0000112                                     Rotations: 11/12
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2g.
6  [X][*][X][_][X][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
3  [_][*][*][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 1e.
2  [X][X][X][X][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb, capture 2e, re-mark spot 2e.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][X][X]     R7. Bomb.
                             R8. Capture 4e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 6b.
                             R10. Capture 6d.
                             R11. Capture 5g, bomb.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2101100-1101121                                     Rotations: 10/12
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [_][_][*][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][_][_][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][*][_][X][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb, mark row f.
4  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2f.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 2d, bomb, re-mark spot 2d.
                             R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 4d, bomb twice.
                             R10. Capture 4c.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2101121-1100111                                     Rotations: 11/15
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][X][X][X][*][X]     R4. Capture 1a, then bomb.
3  [X][_][X][*][*][_][*]     R5. Capture 3b.
2  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4b, mark spot 2a.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb.
                             R8. Capture 4a, re-mark spot 4a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Wait while running around to right side.
                             R10. Capture 6a.
                             R11. Bomb, then capture 4f.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2101121-1112111                                       Rotations: 9/9
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3f.
4  [X][*][_][_][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 1d.
3  [_][_][X][X][X][*][X]     R5. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 3d.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 4b.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb, bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2101122                                             Rotations: 13/14
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
6  [X][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [X][X][_][X][_][_][X]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1f.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2d, mark spot 3e.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*][*]     R7. Capture 5e, mark spot 4b.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb, then capture 6b.
                             R10. Capture 5c.
                             R11. Capture 6c, bomb.
                             R12. Capture 5f.
                             R13. Capture 6e.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2101200                                             Rotations: 11/12
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
6  [X][*][_][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][_][*][_][_][_][*]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][*][X][_][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb, mark spot 4e.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][X][X]     R7. Bomb.
                             R8. Capture 6e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 7g.
                             R10. Bomb, then capture 6b, mark spot 5a.
                             R11. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6a is protected.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2101210-1102111                                     Rotations: 10/11
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [X][X][X][X][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2g.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][*][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 3g, re-mark spot 3g.
3  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][*][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 5g, mark spot 3f.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][_][X]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Capture 5f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb, capture 3b.
                             R10. Bomb, capture 6e.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2101210-2021122                                     Rotations: 10/11
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [_][_][*][*][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][X][X][*][_][*]     R2. Capture 1b, mark row c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][*][*]     R4. Capture 2c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1e.
2  [*][X][*][_][_][*][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 2a, mark spot 5d.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][_][X]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Bomb, bomb, then capture 7d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb, then capture 6e.
                             R10. Capture 2a.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2101211                                              Rotations: 11/?
------------------

7  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2g.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [*][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
4  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][*][*]     R5. Capture 1g, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][X][X][X][*]     R6. Capture 1f, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R7. Capture 4a.
                             R8. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 6d, mark spot 5c.
                             R10. Bomb.
                             R11. Capture 7c.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2101212-1102111                                       Rotations: 7/8
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [_][_][X][X][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Bomb twice, then capture 1g.
4  [*][X][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 6c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, bomb, capture 4a, mark spot 5g.
2  [_][_][X][*][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][_][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 7g.

    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2101212-1221110                                     Rotations: 11/12
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [_][*][_][X][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 4e.
6  [X][X][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [*][X][_][_][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1g.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 5c.
2  [_][*][*][_][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 5d.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][_][*]     R7. Bomb twice, then capture 5a.
                             R8. Capture 6c, mark spot 4e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Wait.
                             R10. Bomb, capture 6e.
                             R11. Bomb, capture 7e.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2101221                                              Rotations: 8/13
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f, bomb.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2g.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][*][X][*][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 4g.
3  [_][X][X][_][_][*][X]     R5. Bomb, then capture 4d, mark spot 3d.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait while running to left side of puzzle.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][*][_]     R7. Capture 5d.
                             R8. Capture 3a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2102001                                               Rotations: 8/9
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
5  [_][_][*][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 2g.
3  [X][*][*][_][_][X][*]     R5. Bomb, bomb, then capture 3g, mark spot 4e.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][*][X][X][_]     R7. Capture 6e.
                             R8. Bomb, capture 7a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2102011                                             Rotations: 12/12
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [_][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 3f.
6  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1g.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 2g, bomb, re-mark spot 2g.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R5. Wait.
2  [X][X][*][_][*][X][_]     R6. Capture 4g.
1  [*][_][X][*][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 1f, bomb, bomb.
                             R8. Capture 1b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 1a, mark spot 5a.
                             R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 7a.
                             R12. Capture 7b.

----------------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2110000-1101121-1001111                             Rotations: 11/11
----------------------------------                                    Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2b.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][*][X][_][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb, then capture 4b.
3  [_][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 4a, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 1c, mark front of row d, bomb twice
                                 while running across back and down right side.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R8. Wait, keep running.
                             R9. Capture 2d.
                             R10. Capture 3d.
                             R11. Capture 4d.

----------------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2110000-1101121-1011111                             Rotations: 11/11
----------------------------------                                    Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
6  [_][*][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 3a.
4  [*][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 4a, mark row d.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 2d, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb, re-mark spot 1c.
                             R8. Wait while running around and back up right
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g          side of puzzle.
                             R9. Capture 3c.
                             R10. Capture 3d.
                             R11. Capture 4c.

----------------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2110000-1101121-1101111                              Rotations: 11/?
----------------------------------

7  [_][_][_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
6  [_][*][_][*][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a, mark front of row f.
5  [X][X][*][X][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2f.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 5c, mark front of row d.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Bomb, capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb 4 times, run down right side.
                             R10. Capture 3d.
                             R11. Capture 4d.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2110002                                             Rotations: 13/14
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
6  [_][_][_][_][*][_][X]     R2. Capture 1g, mark front of row f.
5  [_][_][X][_][*][_][*]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2f.
3  [X][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 1c.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 2c, re-mark spot 2c.
                             R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb 4 times, then capture 4c, mark row e.
                             R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 2e.
                             R12. Bomb, then capture 7a while running down
                                  right side of puzzle to remaining Qube.
                             R13. Capture 3e.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2110012                                             Rotations: 11/12
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, mark front of row d.
5  [_][*][_][X][*][*][_]     R3. Bomb.
4  [X][X][_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 2d.
3  [*][_][X][_][X][*][_]     R5. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1c, bomb, re-mark spot 1c.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][_][*]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb, capture 4c.
                             R10. Capture 3d, bomb.
                             R11. Capture 4d.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2110020                                             Rotations: 11/11
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1f, mark front of row g.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [*][X][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2g.
3  [_][*][X][*][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb, mark front of row d.
2  [_][_][X][X][X][_][*]     R6. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][*][X]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Bomb, then capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 6g.
                             R10. Bomb, capture 7g.
                             R11. Capture 4a.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2110100-1100001                                     Rotations: 13/14
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3e, mark row g.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][_][*]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2g.
4  [*][X][_][X][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb 5 times.
3  [_][_][_][X][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][X][X][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 1c, bomb, re-mark spot 1c.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][X][X]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 4a.
                             R10. Capture 4c, re-mark spot 4c.
                             R11. Bomb while running around top of puzzle to 4e
                             R12. Capture 6c.
                             R13. Capture 4e, bomb.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2110100-1101121                                     Rotations: 10/10
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, bomb, mark row d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [*][X][X][X][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 2d.
3  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb 3 times, then capture 1a, mark spot 1c.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][X][X]     R7. Bomb.
                             R8. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Wait.
                             R10. Bomb, then capture 4a.

--------------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2110100-1102010                                       Rotations: 8/8
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
6  [_][_][_][_][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a, mark row f.
4  [X][*][_][_][*][*][_]     R4. Bomb, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][*][X]     R5. Capture 2f.
2  [_][_][X][*][X][_][X]     R6. Bomb, capture 4b.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 1e.
                             R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2110111                                             Rotations: 13/14
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
6  [X][X][X][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
5  [_][*][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f, bomb, mark row d.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
3  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2d.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 2f.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 1e, bomb.
                             R8. Capture 1g, mark spot 4e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Capture 6e, mark spot 2d.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Bomb.
                             R13. Capture 5d.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2110121                                              Rotations: 9/12
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [*][X][*][_][*][X][*]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
4  [X][_][X][*][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 4d, mark spot 3a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 5a.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 4b, run right and mark spot 3g.
                             R8. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb, capture 5g.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2110122                                             Rotations: 12/14
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a.
6  [_][_][_][*][*][*][X]     R2. Capture 1c.
5  [X][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1f.
4  [*][X][_][X][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 2c, bomb twice.
3  [X][X][*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3c, mark front of row d.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][*][*]     R7. Capture 2d.
                             R8. Capture 3d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 4g, bomb.
                             R10. Capture 4e, bomb.
                             R11. Capture 4c.
                             R12. Capture 1a, bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2111120                                             Rotations: 11/13
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [X][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][_][X]     R3. Capture 1c.
4  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
3  [X][_][*][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 4d.
2  [_][_][X][*][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 5f, mark spot 4g.
1  [*][_][_][_][_][*][X]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Capture 6g, mark spot 2a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Capture 4a.
                             R11. Capture 3b, bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2111121                                              Rotations: 15/?
------------------

7  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
6  [_][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1f.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][*][*]     R3. Capture 1g.
4  [X][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
3  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [_][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 3d.
1  [*][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 1a.
                             R8. Bomb, capture 1e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 1c, mark spot 3c.
                             R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 5c, mark spot 3a.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Bomb, capture 5a, mark spot 3d.
                             R14. Bomb.
                             R15. Capture 5d.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2112112                                               Rotations: 6/?
------------------

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][*][_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 3b.
4  [X][X][X][*][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 1g.
3  [X][_][*][_][*][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 4d.
1  [*][_][_][*][_][_][*]

    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2121100                                               Rotations: 6/6
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [X][X][_][_][*][_][X]     R1. Capture 1c.
6  [_][X][_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark front of row g.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2g.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [X][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 6a, bomb.
1  [*][_][*][_][_][X][X]

    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2200021                                             Rotations: 11/13
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1g.
3  [X][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1f.
2  [X][_][_][_][*][*][_]     R6. Capture 2b.
1  [*][*][X][X][X][*][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 3b, mark front of row d.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 2d.
                             R10. Capture 3d.
                             R11. Bomb, capture 4d.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2201011                                              Rotations: 11/?
------------------

7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2g, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4g.
4  [_][X][*][_][*][X][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1a.
3  [_][_][X][*][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 2d, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 4a.
1  [*][*][X][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 3d.
                             R8. Mark spot 3b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4b is protected.
                             R10. Clear mark.
                             R11. Capture 7a, bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2201121                                             Rotations: 11/11
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f, bomb.
6  [*][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, mark spot 2e.
5  [_][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][*][_][X]     R4. Capture 4e.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][*][*][_]     R6. Capture 3g.
1  [*][*][X][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 3f, bomb.
                             R8. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 6a, mark spot 4c.
                             R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 6c, bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2202001                                              Rotations: 13/?
------------------

7  [X][X][X][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1g, mark spot 4g.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
2  [X][X][*][X][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 6g.
1  [*][*][X][*][X][X][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 1d.
                             R8. Mark front of row c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Wait.
                             R10. Bomb, then capture 2c, mark spot 5e.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 7e.
                             R13. Bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2210000                                             Rotations: 12/13
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [X][X][X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e, mark front of row f.
6  [X][X][_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2f, bomb.
4  [_][X][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb, mark front of row g.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][*][_][X]     R6. Wait.
1  [*][*][_][X][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 3g.
                             R8. Capture 4a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 5a, mark spot 3b.
                             R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 5b, bomb while running to right.
                             R12. Capture 6g.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2210112                                             Rotations: 11/11
------------------                                                    Brilliant

7  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
6  [_][_][_][*][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
4  [*][X][*][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4d, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][X][*][_]     R6. Capture 4a, mark spot 2c.
1  [*][*][_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Wait while running to far right corner.
                             R8. Bomb, capture 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 7g, mark spot 5e.
                             R10. Wait.
                             R11. Bomb, capture 7e.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2211000                                             Rotations: 12/13
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][*][*][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2f, mark front of row e.
6  [*][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R2. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, capture 2e.
4  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
3  [X][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb 4 times, then capture 1b, bomb again.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][*][X]     R6. Capture 3b
1  [*][*][_][_][X][X][X]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Mark spot 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Bomb, then capture 3d while running around
                                  column of Forbidden Qubes towards 4d.
                             R11. Bomb, capture 4d.
                             R12. Capture 5d.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2221012                                             Rotations: 10/11
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
3  [X][X][X][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1g.
2  [*][*][*][_][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb, mark spot 3e.
1  [*][*][*][_][X][_][*]     R7. Wait.
                             R8. Capture 5e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 4g, mark spot 5e.
                             R10. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6e is protected.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2221112                                             Rotations: 10/13
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [_][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
6  [*][X][X][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 1g.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2e.
2  [_][_][_][X][*][*][X]     R6. Capture 2f.
1  [*][*][*][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 1d.
                             R8. Bomb, capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Wait.
                             R10. Bomb.

------------------
7x7 Puzzle 2222222                                               Rotations: 2/3
------------------                                                True Genius!!

7  [*][_][_][_][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 7c.
6  [*][_][X][_][*][*][*]     R2. Capture any Advantage Qube, bomb until clear.
5  [*][_][_][_][*][*][*]
4  [*][*][*][*][*][_][_]
3  [*][*][*][*][*][_][X]
2  [*][*][*][*][*][_][_]
1  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d  e  f  g


   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     3.7.2 SEVENTH STAGE, WAVES 3 &amp; 4 - 7x8 PUZZLES
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0000001                                             Rotations: 17/20
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d, mark front of row c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c, mark front or row a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][*][*]     R5. Capture 2a.
3  [*][X][X][X][X][X][X]     R6. Bomb, capture 1g.
2  [_][_][*][*][*][_][*]     R7. Capture 2g, mark front of row f.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][X][_]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Capture 2f, mark front of row e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb.
                             R11. Capture 2e, mark front of row b.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 2b.
                             R14. Bomb.
                             R15. Capture 3a.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Bomb.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0000002-1212221                                     Rotations: 12/13
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
7  [_][*][*][*][_][X][*]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1g, mark front of row d.
6  [_][X][X][X][X][X][X]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 5g, re-mark spot 5g.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][*][*][*][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 7g.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][X][*]     R8. Capture 5c.
                             R9. Capture 5a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 6a, bomb.
                             R11. Capture 7a, bomb twice.
                             R12. Capture 8a, bomb.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0000002-2110121                                     Rotations: 17/21
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d, mark front of row a.
7  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][*][*]     R3. Capture 2a, mark front of row c.
5  [X][X][_][X][X][X][X]     R4. Bomb.
4  [*][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3c.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 2g, mark row c again.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][X][*]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Bomb, capture 2c, mark spot 4g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb.
                             R11. Capture 6g, mark spot 3d.
                             R12. Bomb.
                             R13. Bomb.
                             R14. Capture 6d.
                             R15. Capture 4c.
                             R16. Capture 5c.
                             R17. Capture 6c, bomb.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0000012                                             Rotations: 16/19
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [*][*][*][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
7  [_][_][_][X][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3g, mark front of row e.
5  [*][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][*][_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 2e, bomb, mark front of row a.
3  [_][_][X][_][X][X][*]     R6. Bomb.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 2a, mark front of row b.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][_][*]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Capture 2b, bomb, mark front of row c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 2c, mark front of row c again.
                             R12. Bomb.
                             R13. Bomb.
                             R14. Bomb, run up right side of puzzle.
                             R15. Capture 4c.
                             R16. Capture 7g, bomb.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0000022                                              Rotations: 13/?
------------------

8  [_][_][_][_][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 2a, mark front of row b.
7  [_][*][X][X][X][X][X]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1g, mark front of row d.
4  [_][_][*][_][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2d.
2  [*][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][*][*]     R8. Bomb, then capture 7b, mark spot 6f.
                             R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb, then capture 8f.
                             R11. Capture 5e, bomb.
                             R12. Capture 6e, bomb.
                             R13. Capture 7a.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0000100                                             Rotations: 13/14
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][*][_][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 3f, mark front of row g.
7  [X][X][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 2g.
5  [_][_][*][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1e, mark front of row a.
4  [_][*][_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [*][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [X][X][X][_][_][X][_]     R7. Bomb twice, then capture 3a, mark row d.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][X][X]     R8. Bomb 3 times.
                             R9. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 2e.
                             R11. Bomb, capture 6a, re-mark spot 6a.
                             R12. Bomb.
                             R13. Capture 8a.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0000101                                             Rotations: 17/18
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [X][X][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 3b, mark row d.
7  [X][_][_][X][*][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
6  [X][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2d.
5  [_][_][_][*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1g, bomb, re-mark spot 1g.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R5. Wait.
3  [*][*][_][_][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 3g, mark row f.
2  [X][X][_][*][_][_][X]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][X][_]     R8. Capture 2f.
                             R9. Capture 1e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 5d.
                             R11. Capture 6b, mark spot 4e.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Bomb, then capture 7e, mark spot 5c.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Bomb, capture 7c.
                             R17. Capture 7b.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0000112-1010100                                     Rotations: 19/21
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][*][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 3c, mark row a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
6  [*][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [X][_][_][*][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, bomb, capture 1g, mark row c.
3  [_][_][*][_][_][X][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][X][_][X][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 2c, mark row a.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][_][*]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Capture 2a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 1f, bomb.
                             R11. Capture 1e.
                             R12. Capture 2e.
                             R13. Capture 3e.
                             R14. Capture 4a, re-mark spot 4a.
                             R15. Wait while running back to front of puzzle.
                             R16. Capture 6a, mark spot 1g.
                             R17. Bomb.
                             R18. Capture 3g.
                             R19. Capture 8g, bomb.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0000112-2221021                                     Rotations: 12/13
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2b.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [_][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1g, bomb, mark spot 1e.
5  [*][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3e.
3  [_][_][_][_][*][X][_]     R6. Capture 3g.
2  [*][*][*][_][X][*][_]     R7. Capture 4g, bomb, run left.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 5a, mark spot 6d.
                             R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 8d, bomb.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Bomb.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0000121                                             Rotations: 14/14
------------------                                                    Brilliant

8  [_][*][*][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a, bomb 5 times.
7  [*][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1f, mark front of row c.
6  [_][*][_][_][_][X][*]     R3. Bomb.
5  [_][*][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2c, mark front of row d.
4  [*][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
3  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2d.
2  [X][X][_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 6g, mark spot 2d.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*][_]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Capture 4d, bomb, mark spot 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb.
                             R11. Wait while running to end and down left side.
                             R12. Capture 6e.
                             R13. Capture 5d.
                             R14. Capture 6d.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0000122-0111111                                     Rotations: 16/18
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][*][*][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 4a, bomb 4 times.
7  [*][_][X][X][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb, mark front of row b.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][X][*]     R3. Bomb.
5  [_][*][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 2b, mark front of row c.
4  [*][_][_][_][X][X][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2c, mark front of row d.
2  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*][*]     R8. Capture 2d.
                             R9. Capture 4g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 5g.
                             R11. Capture 6g, mark spot 3f.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Bomb, capture 5f, mark spot 3e.
                             R14. Bomb.
                             R15. Capture 5e.
                             R16. Capture 6e.

----------------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0000122-2111111-1100000                              Rotations: 24/?
----------------------------------

8  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [_][_][*][X][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, mark front of row d.
6  [X][_][_][*][_][_][*]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][*][X][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d, mark front of row c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R6. Bomb, capture 2c, mark spot 2e.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*][*]     R8. Capture 4e, mark spot 2d.
                             R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 4d.
                             R11. Capture 5b, mark spot 2c.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 4c.
                             R14. Bomb, capture 5a.
                             R15. Capture 6b, mark spot 4d.
                             R16. Bomb.
                             R17. Capture 6d, mark spot 4c.
                             R18. Wait.
                             R19. Capture 6c, mark spot 4e.
                             R20. Bomb.
                             R21. Capture 6e.
                             R22. Capture 6f.
                             R23. Capture 7e.
                             R24. Capture 7f.

----------------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0000122-2111111-1101111                             Rotations: 18/20
----------------------------------                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [X][X][X][_][*][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1f, mark front of row c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
5  [_][*][X][*][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 2c, mark front of row d.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][X][X]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2d.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 4e.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*][*]     R8. Capture 3d, bomb, re-mark spot 3d.
                             R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb, then capture 5d, mark spot 2c.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 4c.
                             R13. Capture 5a.
                             R14. Bomb 3 times, then capture 5b, mark spot 4c.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 6c.
                             R17. Capture 6a.
                             R18. Capture 6b, bomb.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0000122-2211111                                     Rotations: 20/23
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [X][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b, mark row d.
7  [_][_][_][X][*][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
6  [_][X][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1g, bomb, mark spot 2g.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][X][_]     R5. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 3g is protected.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 4g, mark spot 3f.
2  [*][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*][*]     R8. Capture 5f, mark spot 2d.
                             R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 4d, re-mark spot 4d.
                             R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Capture 6d, mark spot 4c.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 6c, mark spot 5b.
                             R15. Bomb.
                             R16. Capture 7b, bomb.
                             R17. Capture 6a.
                             R18. Capture 7a, run across back of puzzle.
                             R19. Capture 8g.
                             R20. Capture 7c.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0000222                                             Rotations: 12/12
------------------                                                    Brilliant

8  [*][*][*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a, mark front of row b.
7  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b.
5  [_][_][_][*][*][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1f, mark front of row d.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R5. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2d.
2  [*][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 3d, mark spot 6b.
1  [X][X][X][X][*][*][*]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Capture 8b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 5c, bomb.
                             R11. Capture 8f, bomb, bomb.
                             R12. Capture 8g.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0001000-2111022                                     Rotations: 22/23
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2g.
7  [_][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, mark front of row a.
6  [*][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [*][X][_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2d, bomb, mark front of row c.
3  [_][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_][X][*][*]     R7. Capture 2c.
1  [X][X][X][_][X][X][X]     R8. Capture 5a.
                             R9. Capture 3d, mark front of row g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 7g, bomb.
                             R17. Capture 6a, mark spot 2c.
                             R18. Wait, run up and across back of puzzle.
                             R19. Wait, keep running.
                             R20. Capture 5c.
                             R21. Capture 8e, bomb.
                             R22. Capture 6c.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0001000-2112112                                       Rotations: 7/9
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, mark front of row a.
6  [_][*][_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [X][X][X][*][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 2a, mark front of row g.
4  [_][_][*][_][*][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 2g.
2  [*][_][_][*][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb, then capture 5d.
1  [X][X][X][_][X][X][X]

    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0001000-2222200                                     Rotations: 10/11
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [*][*][*][X][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
6  [X][_][X][_][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 5d, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 6d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 6b, bomb.
2  [*][*][*][*][*][X][X]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][_][X][X][X]     R8. Capture 7b.
                             R9. bomb, mark spot 6d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7d is protected.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0001001-2210121                                     Rotations: 14/14
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

8  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
7  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
6  [X][_][X][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1g.
5  [*][_][X][X][*][X][X]     R4. Capture 5e, run back and mark row b.</pre><pre id="faqspan-33">4  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 2b, mark spot 1d.
2  [*][*][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][_][X][X][_]     R8. Capture 3d.
                             R9. Capture 4d, bomb, mark spot 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 7c.
                             R13. Capture 6b, bomb.
                             R14. Capture 7b.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0001001-2211102                                     Rotations: 14/14
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
6  [*][*][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d, mark front of row e.
5  [X][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][*][_]     R5. Capture 2e, mark spot 2d.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [*][*][_][_][_][X][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 4d.
1  [X][X][X][_][X][X][_]     R8. Bomb, capture 1g.
                             R9. Capture 2g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Capture 5d.
                             R13. Capture 6d, bomb.
                             R14. capture 8g.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0001002                                             Rotations: 16/18
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
7  [_][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1g, mark front of row c.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R3. Wait.
5  [*][X][X][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2c, bomb.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d, mark front of row a.
3  [_][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][X][X][*][_]     R7. Bomb 3 times, then capture 2a, mark spot 1d.
1  [X][X][X][_][X][X][*]     R8. Bomb.
                             R9. Capture 3d, mark spot 1d again.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Capture 4d.
                             R13. Capture 5d.
                             R14. Capture 5a.
                             R15. Mark spot 6e.
                             R16. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7e is protected.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0001020                                             Rotations: 14/15
------------------

8  [_][_][_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 1c, mark row a.
7  [X][X][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Wait.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2d.
3  [*][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [_][X][*][_][*][_][_]     R7. Capture 1f.
1  [X][X][X][_][X][*][X]     R8. Capture 7c.
                             R9. Capture 8c, bomb, mark spot 4g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 6g.
                             R12. Capture 5e.
                             R13. Capture 5f.
                             R14. Bomb.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0001100-1210120                                     Rotations: 11/10
--------------------------                                Got any better ideas?

8  [_][*][*][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 5d, mark front of row b.
7  [_][*][_][*][_][_][X]     R2. Bomb.
6  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb twice, then capture 2b, mark row f.
5  [_][_][_][*][*][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2f.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][*][*]     R6. Capture 1e.
2  [_][*][_][X][_][*][X]     R7. Capture 2e, bomb.
1  [X][X][X][_][_][X][X]     R8. Capture 1d.
                             R9. Bomb, then capture 8f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb, capture 5b.
                             R11. Capture 5a.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0001100-2210122                                     Rotations: 15/17
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [*][*][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b, mark front of row a.
7  [_][X][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, mark front of row g.
5  [_][_][_][X][*][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2g.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1e, bomb.
2  [*][*][_][X][_][*][*]     R7. Capture 1d.
1  [X][X][X][_][_][X][X]     R8. Capture 2e.
                             R9. Bomb, capture 3e, mark front of row c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 2c.
                             R12. Bomb, capture 7g.
                             R13. Bomb, then capture 8g, run to left side.
                             R14. Bomb, capture 7a.
                             R15. Capture 3c.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0001112                                             Rotations: 16/17
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [X][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 4e.
7  [X][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
6  [_][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R3. Capture 3g.
5  [_][X][X][X][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 4g, re-mark spot 4g.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][X][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 6g.
2  [*][*][_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 1e, bomb, mark front of row b.
1  [X][X][X][_][_][_][*]     R8. Bomb.
                             R9. Bomb, then capture 2b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb, capture 1e.
                             R11. Bomb, capture 1d.
                             R12. Capture 2d, mark spot 1e.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 3e.
                             R15. Capture 5a.
                             R16. Capture 6a.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0001122                                             Rotations: 16/18
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [*][*][*][*][X][*][*]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
6  [*][*][*][*][X][*][*]     R3. Capture 3e.
5  [X][X][X][X][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 3f.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 4f, mark spot 2g.
3  [_][_][X][X][_][_][X]     R6. Wait.
2  [*][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 4g.
1  [X][X][X][_][_][*][*]     R8. Bomb, capture 1d.
                             R9. Capture 2d, re-mark spot 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Bomb, capture 4d, mark spot 2c.
                             R12. Bomb.
                             R13. Bomb, capture 4c, mark front of row a.
                             R14. Bomb, bomb, bomb.
                             R15. Capture 2a.
                             R16. Bomb, capture 5g.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0010000                                             Rotations: 22/23
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2g, mark front of row e.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][*][_][*]     R3. Capture 2e, bomb, mark front or row d.
5  [_][*][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [*][X][*][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][X][*][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 2c.
1  [X][X][_][X][X][X][X]     R8. Capture 3d, mark front of row b.
                             R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 2b, mark front of row a.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Bomb, capture 2a.
                             R13. Bomb, capture 3b.
                             R14. Capture 3a.
                             R15. Capture 4a, mark spot 2c.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Bomb, then capture 4c, mark spot 2e.
                             R18. Wait while running toward upper right corner.
                             R19. Bomb, capture 4e, keep running.
                             R20. Capture 6g, mark spot 5g.
                             R21. Wait.
                             R22. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7g is protected.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0010012                                             Rotations: 22/23
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [X][X][X][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c, mark front of row a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
5  [*][_][X][X][X][*][X]     R4. Capture 1g, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 3g.
3  [_][_][X][_][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 4g, mark spot 2f.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][X][X][_][*]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Capture 5f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 1c, mark front of row d.
                             R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Capture 2d, mark front of row e.
                             R13. Bomb.
                             R14. Capture 2e.
                             R15. Capture 3d.
                             R16. Capture 4d, mark spot 2e.
                             R17. Wait.
                             R18. Capture 4e.
                             R19. Capture 5a, mark spot 4c.
                             R20. Bomb.
                             R21. Capture 6c.
                             R22. Capture 7c.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0010100-1211121                                       Rotations: 9/9
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
7  [_][_][*][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, mark row b.
6  [_][*][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Wait.
5  [*][X][X][_][*][_][X]     R4. Capture 2b.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1e, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 5a, run back around to other side.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 5e, mark front of row d.
1  [X][X][_][X][_][X][X]     R8. Bomb.
                             R9. Capture 2d, bomb until clear.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0010100-2000211                                     Rotations: 19/19
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

8  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [X][X][X][X][_][_][X]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2e, mark front of row g.
5  [_][_][*][_][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2g, bomb, mark front of row f.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][_][X]     R6. Wait.
2  [*][X][X][X][*][_][_]     R7. Capture 2f.
1  [X][X][_][X][_][X][X]     R8. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
                             R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb, capture 3c, mark spot 2g.
                             R11. Wait
                             R12. Capture 4g.
                             R13. Capture 5g.
                             R14. Capture 6f, mark spot 3c.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Bomb, then capture 5c, mark spot 5a.
                             R17. Wait.
                             R18. Capture 7a.
                             R19. Bomb, capture 6e.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0010112                                             Rotations: 16/17
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][*][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1g.
5  [X][X][_][_][_][*][X]     R4. Capture 1f.
4  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1e, bomb, re-mark spot 1e.
3  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 3e, mark row d.
1  [X][X][_][X][_][_][*]     R8. Bomb.
                             R9. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 2c.
                             R11. Bomb, capture 3c, re-mark spot 3c.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 5c.
                             R14. Capture 6c, mark spot 5d.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 7d.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0010122                                             Rotations: 22/23
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [X][X][_][_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
6  [_][X][_][*][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 3c, mark front of row a.
3  [*][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R6. Bomb, bomb.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 2a.
1  [X][X][_][X][_][*][*]     R8. Capture 3d, bomb.
                             R9. Capture 4c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 4d, re-mark spot 4d.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 6d.
                             R13. Capture 6a.
                             R14. Capture 7a, mark spot 5b.
                             R15. Bomb.
                             R16. Capture 7b, mark spot 4c.
                             R17. Wait.
                             R18. Wait.
                             R19. Capture 7c, mark spot 4c again.
                             R20. Wait while running across back of puzzle.
                             R21. Capture 6c.
                             R22. Capture 8g.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0020002                                             Rotations: 15/16
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][X][_][_][X][_][X]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, mark front of row d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d, mark front of row e.
4  [_][*][_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [*][*][*][*][*][*][X]     R6. Capture 2e, bomb, bomb, mark front of row f.
2  [_][X][_][_][_][_][X]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][X][*][X][X][X][*]     R8. Capture 2f.
                             R9. Bomb, then capture 1g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 2c.
                             R11. Capture 3f.
                             R12. Capture 8d.
                             R13. Bomb, capture 8a.
                             R14. Capture 8c.
                             R15. Capture 8f.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0020011                                             Rotations: 13/16
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][*][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
6  [_][*][_][_][*][*][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
5  [X][X][X][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1g, bomb, re-mark spot 1g.
4  [X][_][_][_][_][X][*]     R5. Wait.
3  [X][*][*][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3g, mark spot 1f.
2  [X][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][X][*][X][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 3f, bomb.
                             R9. Capture 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 4g.
                             R11. Capture 4e.
                             R12. Bomb.
                             R13. Bomb.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0020101                                             Rotations: 12/13
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][*][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
5  [_][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1g.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 2g, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][X][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 3g, mark spot 4b.
2  [_][*][_][_][X][*][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][X][*][X][_][X][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 6b.
                             R9. Capture 5a, bomb, mark spot 4d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 6d and run to the right.
                             R12. Capture 8g, bomb.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0100000                                             Rotations: 19/19
------------------                                                    Brilliant

8  [_][_][X][X][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2f, mark front of row a.
7  [_][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Bomb.
6  [_][X][_][X][_][_][*]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2a.
5  [X][X][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb, mark front of row c.
4  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 2c.
2  [*][_][_][_][*][*][_]     R7. Capture 3c, mark spot 4a.
1  [X][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R8. Bomb.
                             R9. Capture 6a, mark spot 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 5c, mark spot 4g.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 6g.
                             R14. Capture 6f.
                             R15. Capture 6e, mark spot 5d.
                             R16. Bomb.
                             R17. Bomb, capture 7d.
                             R18. Capture 6c.
                             R19. Capture 7c.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0100020                                             Rotations: 13/13
------------------                                                    Brilliant

8  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1f.
6  [_][_][_][_][*][X][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][*][_][_][*][X]     R4. Capture 2b, bomb, re-mark spot 2b.
4  [X][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
3  [X][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4b.
2  [_][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R7. Capture 5e.
1  [X][_][X][X][X][*][X]     R8. Bomb, bomb, then capture 5f.
                             R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 6e, mark spot 4g.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 6g, bomb.
                             R13. Capture 8b, bomb.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0100100-0112222                                     Rotations: 13/14
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [X][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
6  [X][X][_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 2b.
5  [X][_][X][_][_][*][X]     R4. Capture 3b.
4  [X][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4b, mark row g.
3  [X][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, bomb.
2  [X][_][_][*][*][*][*]     R7. Capture 2g.
1  [X][_][X][X][_][X][X]     R8. Capture 5b, bomb, mark row c.
                             R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 2c.
                             R11. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 4f.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6f is protected.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0100100-2111012                                     Rotations: 21/22
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [*][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2g.
7  [*][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, re-mark spot 1e.
6  [X][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [X][X][*][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 3e, mark front of row a.
4  [_][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R5. Bomb, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 2a.
2  [*][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 1b, bomb, mark front of row c.
1  [X][_][X][X][_][X][X]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Capture 2c, mark front of row d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 2d, mark spot 2c.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 5c, mark spot 4a.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Bomb, then capture 7a, mark spot 4b.
                             R18. Bomb.
                             R19. Capture 6b.
                             R20. Capture 7e.
                             R21. Capture 7f.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0100122-2010111                                     Rotations: 16/18
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][*][*][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 5c, mark row a.
7  [_][*][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, mark row c.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][X][_][*][_]     R5. Bomb.
3  [*][_][_][_][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 3c, mark row d.
2  [*][X][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][_][X][X][_][*][*]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Capture 3d, bomb 3 times.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 1b, bomb.
                             R11. Capture 1f, then bomb, mark row c.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 2c, mark spot 2f.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 4f.
                             R16. Capture 3g, bomb.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0100122-2112111                                     Rotations: 17/18
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4g.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb, bomb, mark front of row d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][*][X]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][*][_][_][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 2d, mark spot 2f.
4  [*][X][_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 4f.
2  [*][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 1b, mark front of row a.
1  [X][_][X][X][_][*][*]     R8. Bomb.
                             R9. Capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 2b.
                             R11. Capture 3a.
                             R12. Capture 4a.
                             R13. Capture 5d, mark spot 4f.
                             R14. Bomb.
                             R15. Bomb, then capture 6f.
                             R16. Capture 5g.
                             R17. Bomb.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0101010                                             Rotations: 14/17
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][*][*][*][_]     R3. Capture 2b.
5  [_][_][_][*][X][*][*]     R4. Capture 1f.
4  [*][*][_][_][X][_][X]     R5. Capture 2f.
3  [X][*][*][*][X][*][X]     R6. Bomb, then capture 3f.
2  [X][*][X][_][X][_][X]     R7. Capture 1d.
1  [X][_][X][_][X][_][X]     R8. Capture 2d, mark row g.
                             R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 5g.
                             R14. Capture 4f, bomb.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0101012-1101111                                     Rotations: 19/20
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
5  [*][_][*][_][*][*][_]     R4. Capture 3d, mark front of row a.
4  [X][X][X][X][X][X][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [*][X][_][*][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 2a.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [X][_][X][_][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 2b.
                             R9. Bomb, then capture 3a, mark front of row e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 2e.
                             R12. Capture 1g, bomb, mark spot 2f.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Bomb.
                             R15. Capture 5f.
                             R16. Capture 3e.
                             R17. Capture 3g, bomb.
                             R18. Capture 4g.
                             R19. Capture 5g.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0101012-1111012                                     Rotations: 15/15
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][*][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2b, mark front of row a.
4  [X][X][X][*][X][*][_]     R5. Bomb.
3  [*][*][X][_][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 2a.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [X][_][X][_][X][_][*]     R8. Bomb, then capture 3a.
                             R9. Capture 3b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 2d.
                             R11. Capture 3d.
                             R12. Bomb, capture 4d.
                             R13. Capture 3g.
                             R14. Capture 8g.
                             R15. Bomb.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0101012-2110112                                     Rotations: 18/19
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 4d, mark row a.
7  [*][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][X][_][X][*][_]     R5. Capture 2b.
3  [X][X][_][X][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 1g, bomb, mark row c.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [X][_][X][_][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 2c.
                             R9. Capture 3c, bomb, re-mark spot 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 5c, bomb.
                             R12. Capture 1d, bomb, mark row e.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 3d.
                             R15. Capture 3g, run into and across puzzle.
                             R16. Capture 7a, mark spot 5c.
                             R17. Wait.
                             R18. Bomb, capture 7c.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0101101                                             Rotations: 18/19
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b, mark row f.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][*][X][*][X][X][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2f.
3  [*][_][X][X][*][X][_]     R6. Capture 1d.
2  [X][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 2d, re-mark spot 2d.
1  [X][_][X][_][_][X][_]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Bomb, then capture 4d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 1e.
                             R11. Capture 2e.
                             R12. Bomb, then capture 3e, mark row c.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 2c.
                             R15. Capture 1g.
                             R16. Capture 2g.
                             R17. Capture 3g.
                             R18. Capture 4g.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0101121                                             Rotations: 17/18
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3g.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 4g.
4  [*][*][X][_][*][X][_]     R5. Capture 3e.
3  [X][_][X][_][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 5g.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 4e.
1  [X][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 1b.
                             R9. Capture 2b, mark spot 2a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Bomb, then capture 4a.
                             R12. Capture 1d, bomb.
                             R13. Capture 2d.
                             R14. Capture 3d, bomb.
                             R15. Capture 4d, bomb.
                             R16. Capture 3b.
                             R17. Capture 8a.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0101210                                             Rotations: 14/16
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3g.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, mark row a.
5  [*][*][X][*][X][_][*]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [*][_][X][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 3a.
2  [X][_][_][_][_][*][X]     R7. Capture 2b, bomb.
1  [X][_][X][_][*][_][X]     R8. Capture 3d.
                             R9. Capture 4d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 5d, mark row c.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 2c, re-mark spot 2c.
                             R13. Bomb.
                             R14. Capture 4c.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0110002-2101110                                      Rotations: 17/?
--------------------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
6  [X][X][*][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b, bomb, mark front of row e.
5  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][*][*][_]     R6. Capture 3e, bomb.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][_][X]     R7. Bomb, then capture 1g.
1  [X][_][_][X][X][X][*]     R8. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
                             R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 3c, re-mark spot 3c.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Bomb, capture 5c.
                             R13. Capture 5d.
                             R14. Capture 6c.
                             R15. Capture 6e, re-mark spot 6e.
                             R16. Bomb.
                             R17. Capture 8e.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0110002-2101121                                      Rotations: 12/9
--------------------------                                Got any better ideas?

8  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Bomb, capture 1g.
6  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
5  [_][*][*][X][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb, mark row d.
4  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2d.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 5g.
1  [X][_][_][X][X][X][*]     R8. Capture 3d, bomb.
                             R9. Capture 8f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 4d, bomb, mark spot 5e.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 6e.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0111012-1101111                                     Rotations: 19/20
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [*][X][*][X][X][*][*]     R4. Capture 2b.
4  [_][X][X][_][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 3b.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][_][*]     R6. Bomb, capture 3a.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 4a.
1  [X][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R8. Bomb, then capture 5a.
                             R9. Capture 1c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb, bomb, capture 1d.
                             R11. Capture 2d, mark front of row e.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 2e, mark spot 1c.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 3c, re-mark spot 3c.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Capture 5c, mark spot 2d.
                             R18. Wait.
                             R19. Bomb, bomb, capture 4d.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0111012-2022111                                     Rotations: 16/20
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][*][*]     R4. Capture 2d.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1b.
3  [_][X][X][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 2c.
2  [*][X][*][*][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 1g, mark front of row a.
1  [X][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Bomb, then capture 2a, mark front of row e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 2e.
                             R12. Bomb, then capture 5f.
                             R13. Capture 1f, mark spot 2e.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Bomb, capture 4e.
                             R16. Capture 5g.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0111112                                             Rotations: 13/17
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [_][*][X][*][*][_][X]     R2. Capture 1g.
6  [_][*][_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
4  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2e.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][*][_]     R6. Capture 1d.
2  [*][X][*][_][*][_][_]     R7. Capture 2d.
1  [X][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 3d, bomb.
                             R9. Capture 7e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 2c.
                             R11. Capture 1b.
                             R12. Capture 3c, re-mark spot 3c.
                             R13. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 4c is protected.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0200111                                             Rotations: 17/17
------------------                                                    Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
6  [_][_][*][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1g.
5  [*][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2g.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1f.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][X][*]     R6. Capture 3g.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 1e.
1  [X][*][X][X][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 2f, bomb.
                             R9. Capture 8g, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 7e.
                             R11. Capture 5a, mark spot 4c.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Bomb, then capture 6c.
                             R14. Capture 3d, re-mark spot 3d.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Bomb, capture 5d.
                             R17. Capture 7c.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0211210                                             Rotations: 18/19
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2g.
7  [*][X][X][X][X][_][X]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [_][X][_][X][_][X][X]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1b.
5  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c, mark spot 2d.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [*][_][_][X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 4d, bomb, mark spot 2d again.
2  [X][X][X][_][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb to clear mark.
1  [X][*][_][_][*][_][X]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Capture 5d, mark spot 2e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 5e.
                             R13. Capture 6e, bomb.
                             R14. Capture 6a.
                             R15. Capture 7a.
                             R16. Capture 6c, mark spot 5f.
                             R17. Bomb.
                             R18. Capture 7f.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 0222220                                               Rotations: 8/9
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb, mark row g.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
6  [_][*][_][*][_][*][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R4. Capture 3g, mark row a.
4  [X][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2a.
2  [_][_][*][_][*][_][X]     R7. Capture 3a.
1  [X][*][*][*][*][*][X]     R8. Capture 5d, bomb, bomb.

    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1000211                                             Rotations: 15/17
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][_][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][X][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2a, mark front of row c.
4  [_][*][X][_][_][*][X]     R5. Wait.
3  [X][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 2c.
2  [*][X][_][_][_][_][X]     R7. Bomb, capture 1g, re-mark spot 1g.
1  [_][X][X][X][*][_][_]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Bomb, then capture 3g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 1f, mark spot 3g.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 5g.
                             R13. Capture 3c.
                             R14. Capture 5d.
                             R15. Capture 8a, bomb.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1001000                                             Rotations: 15/17
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a, mark row f.
7  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][*][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2f.
5  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][_][*][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2d, mark row c.
3  [*][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [X][_][_][_][_][*][*]     R7. Capture 2c, bomb, re-mark spot 2c.
1  [_][X][X][_][X][X][X]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Bomb, then capture 4c, mark row b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 2b, bomb.
                             R12. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
                             R13. Capture 5e.
                             R14. Capture 7a.
                             R15. Capture 8a.
                             (you still have more turns if you didn't reach one
                              of the Qubes in time during the far runs).

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1001002                                             Rotations: 20/20
------------------                                                    Brilliant

8  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][X][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_][*][X][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
4  [*][_][_][X][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 2d, mark front of row e.
3  [_][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, bomb.
2  [*][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 2e.
1  [_][X][X][_][X][X][*]     R8. Capture 3e.
                             R10. Capture 1g, mark spot 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Bomb, then capture 5e.
                             R13. Capture 3d.
                             R14. Capture 5g, mark spot 3d.
                             R15. Bomb.
                             R16. Bomb, capture 5d, mark spot 2c.
                             R17. Wait while running to left side of puzzle.
                             R18. Capture 4c.
                             R19. Capture 5c.
                             R20. Capture 7a.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1001012                                             Rotations: 10/12
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [_][*][_][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1g.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2a.
3  [X][_][*][*][X][*][_]     R6. Capture 2d.
2  [*][X][X][_][X][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [_][X][X][_][X][_][*]     R8. Bomb.
                             R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1001100                                             Rotations: 15/17
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 2g, mark front of row f.
7  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][*][X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 2a.
3  [*][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 3a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][X][*][*]     R7. Capture 1d, bomb.
1  [_][X][X][_][_][X][X]     R8. Capture 1e, mark front of row c.
                             R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 4c, mark spot 5d.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 7d.
                             R13. Capture 8f.
                             R14. Bomb, capture 6e.
                             R15. Bomb.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1001122                                             Rotations: 20/21
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][*][*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
7  [X][X][_][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1d, mark row b.
5  [_][_][_][X][*][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 2b.
3  [X][X][_][X][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 1a.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 2a, mark row c.
1  [_][X][X][_][_][*][*]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Capture 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 3c, bomb.
                             R11. Capture 3e, bomb.
                             R12. Capture 4e.
                             R13. Capture 5e, mark spot 2f.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 4f.
                             R16. Capture 6e, mark spot 4d.
                             R17. Bomb.
                             R18. Capture 6d, bomb.
                             R19. Capture 7c, bomb.
                             R20. Bomb.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1001210                                             Rotations: 14/16
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][X][X][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 4a, mark row g.
7  [_][_][_][_][X][X][*]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 2g.
5  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [*][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 3d.
3  [X][_][X][*][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 2a, bomb twice, mark row b.
1  [_][X][X][_][*][_][X]     R8. Bomb while running toward upper right corner.
                             R9. Capture 2b, mark spot 5g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 7g, mark front of row c.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 2c, bomb.
                             R14. Capture 3b, bomb.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1010110                                             Rotations: 18/19
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, mark row g.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2g.
4  [_][*][_][*][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1e, re-mark spot 1e.
3  [*][X][*][X][*][_][X]     R6. Wait.
2  [X][*][X][_][X][_][*]     R7. Bomb, then capture 3e.
1  [_][X][_][X][_][_][X]     R8. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
                             R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 3c.
                             R11. Capture 2f.
                             R12. Capture 3f, bomb.
                             R13. Capture 1a, bomb, re-mark spot 1a.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 3a, mark row d.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Capture 2d.
                             R18. Capture 7g.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1010112-0011001                                     Rotations: 24/25
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [*][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
7  [_][X][_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1g.
5  [_][_][*][X][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][X][*][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1f, bomb, mark spot 1e.
3  [*][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [X][X][_][_][X][X][_]     R7. Capture 3e, mark front of row d.
1  [_][X][_][X][_][_][*]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 1c.
                             R11. Capture 2c.
                             R12. Capture 3c.
                             R13. Capture 3d, mark spot 3c.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 5c.
                             R16. Capture 4d.
                             R17. Capture 2g, mark spot 3e.
                             R18. Wait.
                             R19. Bomb, then capture 5e.
                             R20. Capture 6g.
                             R21. Capture 6f, run left.
                             R22. Capture 7a.
                             R23. Bomb, then capture 8a.
                             R24. Bomb.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1010112-0211012                                     Rotations: 20/21
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [X][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark front of row b.
6  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][*][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 2b, mark spot 1a.
4  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [*][X][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3a.
2  [X][*][_][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 1g.
1  [_][X][_][X][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 1e, bomb.
                             R9. Capture 1c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 2c.
                             R11. Capture 3c, mark spot 2d.
                             R12. Bomb, bomb.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 5d, mark spot 1e.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 3e.
                             R17. Capture 4e.
                             R18. Capture 5e, re-mark spot 5e.
                             R19. Wait.
                             R20. Capture 7e.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1010122                                             Rotations: 15/15
------------------                                                    Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
6  [*][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3e.
5  [X][*][*][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][X][X][X][*][*]     R5. Capture 2a.
3  [_][_][X][_][*][X][X]     R6. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 2c, re-mark spot 2c.
1  [_][X][_][X][_][*][*]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 5c.
                             R11. Capture 3d, mark spot 4a.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Bomb, then capture 6a.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Bomb, then capture 5b.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1010201                                             Rotations: 18/18
------------------                                                    Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
6  [_][*][*][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2g.
5  [_][*][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3g.
4  [*][*][*][X][*][*][*]     R5. Capture 1a.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 2a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][*][X][_]     R7. Capture 3a.
1  [_][X][_][X][*][X][_]     R8. Capture 4a, mark row b.
                             R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb, capture 2b.
                             R11. Capture 1c.
                             R12. Capture 2c, bomb.
                             R13. Bomb, then capture 1e.
                             R14. Capture 3c.
                             R15. Capture 2e.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Capture 3e.
                             R18. Capture 4e.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1011012                                             Rotations: 12/13
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [_][_][_][*][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][*][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][*][_]     R6. Capture 2c, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5b.
1  [_][X][_][_][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 3c, bomb.
                             R9. Capture 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 2d, bomb.
                             R11. Capture 3d.
                             R12. Bomb, capture 8a.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1011102                                             Rotations: 15/19
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [X][_][_][*][_][*][*]     R1. Capture 5e.
7  [_][_][X][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
6  [*][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a, bomb, mark row b.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [X][X][X][_][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 2b.
2  [_][*][X][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 1c.
1  [_][X][_][_][_][X][*]     R8. Capture 1d.</pre><pre id="faqspan-34">                             R9. Capture 1e, bomb, bomb, mark spot 5e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 7e.
                             R12. Capture 2d.
                             R13. Capture 3d, bomb.
                             R14. Capture 4d, bomb, bomb.
                             R15. Capture 8b.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1011121                                             Rotations: 15/17
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
7  [_][_][*][*][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][*][*]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1c.
4  [*][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3f, bomb.
3  [X][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 2a, re-mark spot 2a.
2  [_][_][*][X][*][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [_][X][_][_][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 4a.
                             R9. Bomb, then capture 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 3b.
                             R11. Capture 3c.
                             R12. Capture 1d, mark spot 4g.
                             R13. Bomb, bomb.
                             R14. Capture 6g.
                             R15. Bomb.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1011122                                              Rotations: 21/?
------------------

8  [_][_][_][*][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [_][*][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
6  [X][X][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2a, mark front of row b.
4  [_][_][X][X][_][X][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][*][X][_][X][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 2b.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 1f, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][_][_][*][*]     R8. Capture 1d.
                             R9. Capture 2d, mark spot 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Bomb, capture 6c.
                             R13. Capture 3e.
                             R14. Capture 4e.
                             R15. Capture 5e.
                             R16. Capture 3g.
                             R17. Capture 4g, mark spot 2d.
                             R18. Wait.
                             R19. Wait.
                             R20. Capture 5d.
                             R21. Capture 6d.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1011210                                             Rotations: 23/24
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [X][_][*][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
7  [_][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [*][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb to clear Advantage mark.
3  [X][X][X][_][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 3d, mark front of row g.
2  [_][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [_][X][_][_][*][_][X]     R8. Capture 2g.
                             R9. Capture 3g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 4g.
                             R11. Capture 5g, mark spot 2f.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 4f.
                             R14. Bomb, capture 4d, mark spot 2e.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Capture 5e, mark spot 6c.
                             R18. Wait.
                             R19. Capture 8c.
                             R20. Capture 7a, bomb.
                             R21. Capture 5d, bomb.
                             R22. Capture 6e, bomb.
                             R23. Capture 7e.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1011221                                             Rotations: 23/24
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
7  [*][X][_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
5  [_][_][X][*][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [X][X][*][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 3c.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 2a.
1  [_][X][_][_][*][*][_]     R8. Bomb, capture 3a.
                             R9. Capture 3b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 3d.
                             R11. Capture 4d, mark spot 3a.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 5a.
                             R14. Capture 4c, mark spot 3b.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 5b.
                             R17. Capture 5d, mark spot 3b again.
                             R18. Wait.
                             R19. Bomb.
                             R20. Capture 6b.
                             R21. Capture 6a.
                             R22. Capture 7a, mark spot 6b.
                             R23. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7b is protected.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1011222                                             Rotations: 19/21
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, bomb.
6  [_][_][X][_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [X][X][*][*][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 1c.
4  [X][_][_][X][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 2c, re-mark spot 2c.
3  [*][_][X][_][X][_][*]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 4c.
1  [_][X][_][_][*][*][*]     R8. Capture 2a.
                             R9. Bomb, then capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 4b.
                             R11. Capture 3d, mark spot 2e.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Bomb, capture 4e, mark spot 3d.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 5d.
                             R16. Capture 4f.
                             R17. Capture 5e.
                             R18. Bomb while running back around front.
                             R19. Capture 5c.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1012102                                             Rotations: 19/20
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
7  [X][X][X][X][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
6  [_][_][*][_][*][X][_]     R3. Capture 1g.
5  [*][_][_][X][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3c, re-mark spot 3c.
3  [*][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [X][X][_][_][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 5c, mark spot 2d.
1  [_][X][_][*][_][X][*]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Bomb, capture 4d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 3e.
                             R11. Bomb, capture 4e, re-mark spot 4e.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 6e.
                             R14. Capture 6g, mark spot 4d.
                             R15. Wait while running to left side of puzzle.
                             R16. Bomb, capture 6d.
                             R17. Bomb, capture 6a.
                             R18. Capture 6b.
                             R19. Capture 6c.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1020011                                             Rotations: 16/17
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3f.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
6  [_][*][_][_][*][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [X][X][X][X][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 1f, bomb, bomb.
4  [X][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 1g, re-mark spot 1g.
3  [X][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [X][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 3g, mark spot 3f.
1  [_][X][*][X][X][_][_]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 6f.
                             R11. Capture 4g, bomb, mark spot 4b.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 6b, mark spot 4d.
                             R14. Bomb.
                             R15. Capture 6d.
                             R16. Capture 5g.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1020102                                              Rotations: 18/?
------------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
5  [_][*][_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 2g.
4  [*][X][_][X][*][X][_]     R5. Capture 1a.
3  [*][X][_][X][*][X][_]     R6. Capture 2a.
2  [_][X][*][X][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 1e.
1  [_][X][*][X][_][X][*]     R8. Bomb, capture 2e.
                             R9. Bomb, then capture 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 3a.
                             R11. Capture 4e.
                             R12. Capture 4a.
                             R13. Capture 3c.
                             R14. Bomb, capture 1e.
                             R15. Capture 2e.
                             R16. Capture 3e.
                             R17. Capture 4c.
                             R18. Capture 4e.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1020112                                              Rotations: 16/?
------------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1g.
7  [_][_][X][*][*][_][*]     R2. Capture 1c.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1f, bomb.
4  [X][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2g.
2  [_][_][_][*][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 2a.
1  [_][X][*][X][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 3a, bomb to clear, re-mark spot 3a.
                             R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 5a.
                             R11. Capture 5e.
                             R12. Capture 6e, bomb.
                             R13. Capture 6g.
                             R14. Capture 7g.
                             R15. Capture 7e.
                             R16. Bomb.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1021211                                             Rotations: 20/21
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][*][X][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
5  [_][*][X][*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
4  [*][X][_][_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 2a.
3  [X][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3b, mark spot 1c.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [_][X][*][_][*][_][_]     R8. Capture 3c.
                             R9. Bomb, capture 4c, mark spot 2a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Bomb, then capture 4a, mark spot 2d.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 4d.
                             R14. Capture 4e.
                             R15. Capture 5d.
                             R16. Capture 4f, mark spot 3g.
                             R17. Bomb.
                             R18. Capture 5g.
                             R19. Bomb, bomb, capture 5f.
                             R20. Capture 6g.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1100002                                             Rotations: 17/20
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][*][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][*][X][X][X][*]     R2. Capture 1g, mark row d.
6  [_][_][X][*][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2a.
2  [*][X][_][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 1b.
1  [_][_][X][X][X][X][*]     R8. Capture 3d, bomb.
                             R9. Capture 7g, mark spot 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Capture 6d, mark spot 2c.
                             R13. Wait while running back around to left side.
                             R14. Capture 4c.
                             R15. Capture 5c, bomb.
                             R16. Capture 6a, bomb, bomb.
                             R17. Capture 6b.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1100011                                             Rotations: 13/13
------------------                                                    Brilliant

8  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][*][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][*][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1f, bomb,
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1g.
3  [X][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2g, bomb.
2  [X][X][*][*][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 3g.
1  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 4g, mark spot 1f.
                             R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 3f.
                             R11. Capture 4f.
                             R12. Capture 5f, bomb.
                             R13. Capture 5e.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1100112                                             Rotations: 16/18
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
7  [_][_][_][_][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][_][X]     R3. Capture 2a.
5  [_][*][*][*][*][X][_]     R4. Capture 1b.
4  [_][*][*][*][*][X][_]     R5. Capture 2b.
3  [*][X][*][*][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 1g, mark front of row c.
2  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [_][_][X][X][_][_][*]     R8. Bomb, capture 2c.
                             R9. Capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 1e.
                             R11. Bomb, capture 4g.
                             R12. Capture 5g, mark spot 3f.
                             R13. Bomb.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 6f.
                             R16. Capture 6d.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1101011                                             Rotations: 20/21
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
6  [_][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2g.
5  [_][*][*][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
4  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2a.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1b.
2  [*][X][_][_][_][X][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 1d.
1  [_][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 1f, mark front of row e.
                             R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb, capture 2e.
                             R11. Capture 2d.
                             R12. Capture 3d.
                             R13. Capture 3e.
                             R14. Capture 4e, mark spot 2c.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Capture 5c, mark spot 3d.
                             R18. Wait, run up left side of puzzle.
                             R19. Capture 5d.
                             R20. Capture 6a, bomb.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1101102                                              Rotations: 13/?
------------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [X][X][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
6  [_][_][_][*][X][X][X]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][*][_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
4  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, bomb, capture 1b.
3  [*][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 1g.
2  [X][X][X][_][X][*][_]     R7. Capture 1d.
1  [_][_][X][_][_][X][*]     R8. Bomb, capture 2d.
                             R9. Capture 1e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb.
                             R11. Mark spot 6a.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Bomb, capture 8a.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1101211                                             Rotations: 17/16
------------------                                        Got any better ideas?

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
6  [_][*][_][X][*][X][X]     R3. Capture 2b, re-mark spot 2b.
5  [_][_][*][*][_][*][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4b.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 1e.
2  [X][_][_][X][X][_][X]     R7. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
1  [_][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Capture 3a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 3c.
                             R11. Capture 1d.
                             R12. Bomb, capture 1f.
                             R13. Capture 1g, re-mark spot 1g.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 3g.
                             R16. Capture 2f, bomb.
                             R17. Capture 6e.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1102100                                              Rotations: 16/?
------------------

8  [_][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2g.
7  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1d.
6  [_][X][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d, mark front of row c.
4  [_][_][X][*][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 2c.
2  [*][X][_][_][X][_][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 1a.
1  [_][_][X][*][_][X][X]     R8. Bomb, bomb, then capture 2a.
                             R9. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb, mark spot 1e.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 3e.
                             R13. Capture 6a.
                             R14. Bomb, capture 7a.
                             R15. Capture 5g.
                             R16. Capture 6g.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1110012                                             Rotations; 13/13
------------------                                                    Brilliant

8  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1g, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][*][X][*][_]     R5. Capture 3g.
3  [*][_][*][_][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 3e.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][X][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 2c.
                             R9. Bomb, then capture 3c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 6a.
                             R11. Capture 7a, mark spot 5b.
                             R12. Bomb.
                             R13. Capture 7b.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1110122                                              Rotations: 20/?
------------------

8  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][_][*][X][*][X][*]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R3. Bomb, capture 1a.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
3  [*][X][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1b.
2  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 1c.
1  [_][_][_][X][_][*][*]     R8. Capture 2c.
                             R9. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb, capture 4c.
                             R11. Capture 4g.
                             R12. Bomb, capture 5g, re-mark spot 5g.
                             R13. Bomb.
                             R14. Capture 7g.
                             R15. Capture 4e.
                             R16. Bomb, capture 5e, mark spot 2d.
                             R17. Wait.
                             R18. Capture 4d, mark spot 5e.
                             R19. Wait.
                             R20. Capture 7e.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1111112                                             Rotations: 19/21
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 4e.
7  [*][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
6  [_][X][X][*][*][X][X]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb, re-mark spot 1c.
5  [*][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 3c.
3  [_][*][*][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [X][X][X][X][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 1b, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 1d.
                             R9. Capture 1e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb, capture 4f, mark spot 4e.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 6e.
                             R13. Capture 5f, mark spot 3g.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Bomb, bomb, capture 5g.
                             R16. Capture 6d, mark spot 5c.
                             R17. Wait.
                             R18. Capture 7c.
                             R19. Capture 6a, bomb.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1111122                                             Rotations: 19/20
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [_][_][*][X][*][*][X]     R4. Capture 1c.
4  [_][*][X][_][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 2c.
3  [*][X][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 3c.
2  [X][X][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 1f, bomb.
1  [_][_][_][_][_][*][*]     R8. Capture 1d, bomb.
                             R9. Capture 4g, mark spot 2e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Bomb, then capture 4e, mark spot 1d.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 3d.
                             R14. Capture 4d.
                             R15. Capture 5e, mark spot 3c.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Bomb, then capture 5c, mark spot 3f.
                             R18. Wait.
                             R19. Capture 5f.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1112111                                               Rotations: 9/9
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
7  [X][*][*][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1g, bomb.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 7f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 6g.
3  [_][_][*][_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 7e.
2  [X][*][*][*][*][*][X]     R7. Capture 6a.
1  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 7c, bomb, mark spot 6a.
                             R9. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7a is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1112221                                             Rotations: 13/14
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][*][*][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 3b.
7  [_][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, re-mark spot 1a.
5  [_][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [*][X][X][X][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 3a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][*][*]     R6. Capture 1b, bomb.
2  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 4a, mark spot 3g.
1  [_][_][_][*][*][*][_]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Capture 8g, bomb.
                             R13. Capture 8e.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1121000                                              Rotations: 12/?
------------------

8  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2g.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
6  [*][_][_][X][X][*][X]     R3. Capture 1c.
5  [*][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, bomb, mark spot 3a.
4  [X][X][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 5a.
2  [_][*][_][_][X][*][*]     R7. Bomb, then capture 6f.
1  [_][_][*][_][X][X][X]     R8. Capture 4c, re-mark spot 4c.
                             R9. Bomb, run to end of puzzle and down left side.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 6c.
                             R11. Capture 7c.
                             R12. Capture 8c.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1121011                                             Rotations: 16/17
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3d.
5  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
4  [*][X][*][X][*][*][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [*][*][X][*][X][*][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 3a.
2  [X][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 3b.
1  [_][_][*][_][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 4a.
                             R9. Capture 1g, re-mark spot 1g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb.
                             R11. Capture 3g, mark spot 2e.
                             R12. Bomb.
                             R13. Capture 2e.
                             R14. Capture 1f, mark spot 2c.
                             R15. Bomb.
                             R16. Capture 4c.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1121101                                             Rotations: 16/18
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][*][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1g.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2g.
4  [X][X][X][*][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1e.
3  [*][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [X][_][_][_][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 3d.
1  [_][_][*][_][_][X][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 4d.
                             R9. Capture 3b, mark spot 4d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5d is protected.
                             R11. Clear mark, bomb, mark spot 1e.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Wait, while running around puzzle to top left
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 5e.
                             R16. Capture 8a.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1122220                                             Rotations: 11/12
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][*][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2g.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb 3 times.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3d.
5  [*][_][X][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, re-mark spot 1a.
4  [_][_][X][X][_][_][*]     R5. Wait.
3  [*][X][X][_][X][_][X]     R6. Bomb, then capture 3a, mark spot 3d.
2  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [_][_][*][*][*][*][X]     R8. Bomb, then capture 5d.
                             R9. Capture 3f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 6d.
                             R11. Bomb, capture 8f.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1210001                                             Rotations: 10/11
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [*][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1g, bomb, mark spot 4d.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][X][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 6d.
3  [*][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3a, mark spot 4e.
2  [_][_][_][_][*][*][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [_][*][_][X][X][X][_]     R8. Capture 6e, bomb.
                             R9. Capture 7e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1210010                                             Rotations: 17/18
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
6  [X][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f, mark front of row g.
5  [_][_][_][*][*][*][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 2g, bomb.
3  [*][_][*][X][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 2f.
2  [X][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 3g, mark front of row e.
1  [_][*][_][X][X][_][X]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Capture 2e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb, capture 3e.
                             R11. Bomb, capture 1c.
                             R12. Bomb, capture 1a.
                             R13. Capture 2b.
                             R14. Capture 6b.
                             R15. Capture 8e.
                             R16. Capture 8f, bomb.
                             R17. Capture 8g.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1210020                                             Rotations: 12/13
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3b.
5  [_][_][*][X][X][*][X]     R4. Capture 1f.
4  [_][X][_][_][*][_][*]     R5. Capture 3a, mark spot 2c.
3  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 4c, mark spot 2d.
1  [_][*][_][X][X][*][X]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Bomb, capture 4d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 5c.
                             R11. Capture 4a.
                             R12. Bomb, then capture 5f.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1210111                                             Rotations: 15/15
------------------                                                    Brilliant

8  [X][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 1g.
5  [_][_][_][X][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1f.
4  [_][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2g.
3  [_][X][_][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1e.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][X][*]     R7. Bomb, bomb, capture 2e, re-mark spot 2e.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Capture 4e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 5e, mark spot 2d.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 4d.
                             R13. Capture 3a, bomb.
                             R14. Capture 3c.
                             R15. Capture 6g, bomb.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1210121                                             Rotations: 18/20
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][*][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][*][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1f.
6  [_][*][X][*][*][X][*]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1b, mark spot 2d.
5  [X][X][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
4  [X][_][_][X][_][X][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [*][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 5d.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 4b.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 4c, bomb.
                             R9. Capture 5c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb, then capture 6d.
                             R11. Capture 4e, re-mark spot 4e.
                             R12. Bomb.
                             R13. Capture 6e, mark spot 3f.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Bomb, capture 5f.
                             R16. Bomb, capture 4g.
                             R17. Capture 5g.
                             R18. Capture 6g.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1211000                                             Rotations: 18/19
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 3e.
7  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
6  [_][*][_][X][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][*][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 2d.
4  [_][X][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 4c, mark front of row g.
3  [*][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R7. Bomb, then capture 2g, mark front of row f.
1  [_][*][_][_][X][X][X]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Capture 2f, bomb, bomb, mark spot 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Bomb, capture 4d.
                             R12. Bomb, capture 4a.
                             R13. Capture 5d, mark front of row e.
                             R14 to R17. Wait.
                             R18. Capture 5e.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1211010                                             Rotations: 20/21
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2g.
7  [_][X][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, bomb, mark row e.
6  [*][_][_][_][X][*][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][X][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 2e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1b, then bomb.
3  [_][X][*][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 2d.
1  [_][*][_][_][X][_][X]     R8. Capture 3d, bomb.
                             R9. Capture 6f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 4d.
                             R11. Bomb, then capture 3c.
                             R12. Capture 3a.
                             R13. Capture 4c.
                             R14. Capture 5c.
                             R15. Capture 6c.
                             R16. Capture 7c, mark spot 4d.
                             R17. Bomb.
                             R18. Capture 6d.
                             R19. Capture 7d.
                             R20. Capture 7a.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1211011                                             Rotations: 20/21
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 4a.
7  [*][_][_][X][X][X][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
6  [_][X][X][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 2g.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1f.
4  [_][X][X][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [X][X][_][_][*][*][_]     R6. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 3c, bomb, mark spot 6e.
1  [_][*][_][_][X][_][_]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Capture 8e, mark spot 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb.
                             R11. Bomb, capture 5c, mark spot 2a.
                             R12. Bomb, bomb.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 5a, mark spot 2b.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Capture 5b, mark spot 5g.
                             R18. Wait.
                             R19. Capture 7g.
                             R20. Capture 6a.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1211111                                             Rotations: 14/17
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
7  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [X][*][X][X][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1g, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 2g.
3  [*][_][*][_][*][*][_]     R6. Capture 1d.
2  [X][X][X][X][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 1e, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 1f, bomb, mark spot 5g.
                             R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 7g.
                             R11. Capture 6c.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Bomb.
                             R14. Capture 8g.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1221002                                             Rotations: 15/19
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [*][*][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4e.
7  [X][X][_][_][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
6  [X][_][_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1g, mark spot 2d.
5  [*][_][X][_][*][X][X]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][X][_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 4d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 4c.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 5d.
1  [_][*][*][_][X][X][*]     R8. Bomb, then capture 6d, mark spot 4c.
                             R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 6c, bomb, mark spot 3b.
                             R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Capture 5b, bomb.
                             R13. Capture 5a.
                             R14. Capture 6b.
                             R15. Capture 5e.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1221102                                             Rotations: 20/21
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e, re-mark spot 1e.
5  [_][_][X][*][X][*][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][X][*][_][*][X][_]     R5. Capture 3e.
3  [X][_][_][X][_][_][X]     R6. Bomb, then capture 1g, mark row f.
2  [*][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [_][*][*][_][_][X][*]     R8. Capture 2f.   R9. Capture 2g.
                             R10. Capture 3f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 3b, bomb.
                             R12. Capture 3c.
                             R13. Bomb, then capture 4c.
                             R14. Capture 5d, mark spot 2a.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 4a, bomb, mark spot 2g.
                             R17. Wait.
                             R18. Capture 4g.
                             R19. Capture 4e.
                             R20. Capture 8a.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1221112                                             Rotations: 20/23
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [*][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
7  [*][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
6  [X][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1g, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][*][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 1e, re-mark spot 1e.
4  [_][X][_][_][*][X][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 3e, mark spot 2d.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R7. Bomb.
1  [_][*][*][_][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 4d.
                             R9. Bomb, capture 4e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 5d.
                             R11. Capture 4a.
                             R12. Bomb, capture 5a, re-mark spot 5a.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 7a, mark spot 3b.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Bomb, then capture 5b.
                             R17. Capture 6b.
                             R18. Capture 4c, mark spot 2g.
                             R19. Wait.
                             R20. Capture 4g.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 1222221                                             Rotations: 10/10
------------------                                                    Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][*][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 3a.
7  [X][*][_][_][*][_][X]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1d.
6  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1g, bomb, re-mark spot 1g.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3g.
2  [X][_][*][_][*][_][X]     R7. Wait.
1  [_][*][*][*][*][*][_]     R8. Bomb.
                             R9. Capture 7e, mark spot 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7a is protected.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2000000                                             Rotations: 18/21
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4e, mark row g.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][*][*]     R3. Capture 2g, mark front of row e.
5  [X][X][_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Bomb.
4  [_][*][X][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 2e, mark row c.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 2c, bomb.
1  [*][X][X][X][X][X][X]     R8. Capture 1a, mark row d.
                             R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb.
                             R11. Capture 3d.
                             R12. Capture 3c.
                             R13. Bomb, capture 4d.
                             R14. Capture 5d.
                             R15. Capture 6d, mark spot 3c.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Capture 5c.
                             R18. Bomb.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2000002                                             Rotations: 20/23
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, mark row e.
6  [_][X][*][X][_][_][*]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2e, bomb, mark row c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_][X][*][_]     R6. Bomb, bomb, capture 2c.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 1a, mark row d.
1  [*][X][X][X][X][X][*]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 3d.
                             R11. Capture 5b, mark spot 2c.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 4c.
                             R14. Capture 5a, bomb.
                             R15. Capture 6a, mark spot 4c.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Capture 6c.
                             R18. Capture 5d.
                             R19. Bomb, capture 7e.
                             R20. Capture 8g.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2000101                                             Rotations: 17/19
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3f.
7  [_][_][_][X][*][X][X]     R2. Capture 1g.
6  [_][*][_][X][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 2g.
5  [*][X][X][X][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 3g.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 1e.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 2e.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 3e.
1  [*][X][X][X][_][X][_]     R8. Capture 1a, mark front of row d.
                             R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 2d, bomb.
                             R11. Bomb, then capture 5a.
                             R12. Capture 4e.
                             R13. Capture 5e, bomb, re-mark spot 5e.
                             R14. Bomb.
                             R15. Capture 7e.
                             R16. Capture 4g.
                             R17. Capture 5g, bomb.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2000112                                             Rotations: 10/10
------------------                                                    Brilliant

8  [*][*][*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
7  [*][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1e.
5  [X][X][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 1g, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][*][X][_]     R6. Capture 3g.
2  [_][*][_][X][X][*][_]     R7. Capture 5c.
1  [*][X][X][X][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 8d.
                             R9. Bomb twice.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb until clear.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2000202                                             Rotations: 10/11
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R3. Capture 1g.
5  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R4. Capture 2a.
4  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R5. Capture 1e.
3  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R6. Capture 2g.
2  [*][X][X][*][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 3a.
1  [*][X][X][X][*][X][*]     R8. Bomb.
                             R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2001021                                             Rotations: 19/20
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
7  [*][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
6  [_][_][*][X][X][_][X]     R3. Capture 1a, mark front of row e.
5  [_][_][X][*][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 2e.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 1g.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 2f.
1  [*][X][X][_][X][*][_]     R8. Capture 6f.
                             R9. Capture 1d, mark spot 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb.
                             R11. Bomb, then capture 5d, mark front of row c.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 2c, re-mark spot 2c.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 4c, re-mark spot 4c.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Capture 6c.
                             R18. Capture 5a.
                             R19. Capture 5b, bomb 3 times.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2001100                                             Rotations: 13/14
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 1a, mark row c.
7  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c, bomb, bomb, mark row g.
5  [_][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2g, mark row f.
3  [_][_][X][X][*][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][X][*][*]     R7. Capture 2f.
1  [*][X][X][_][_][X][X]     R8. Capture 1e.
                             R9. Capture 1d, bomb, run up into puzzle.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Capture 8f, mark spot 6e.
                             R13. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 7e is
                                  protected.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2010000                                             Rotations: 8/11
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4e.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark row e.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][*][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2e, bomb, mark row d.
4  [*][_][X][*][*][*][X]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 2d.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [*][X][_][X][X][X][X]     R8. Capture 2c.

    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2010002                                             Rotations: 16/17
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [X][X][*][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1g, mark row d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
4  [_][_][_][X][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 2c, bomb.
2  [X][X][_][_][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 3d.
1  [*][X][_][X][X][X][*]     R8. Bomb, then capture 1a.
                             R9. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 6g, re-mark spot 6g.
                             R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Capture 8g.
                             R13. Bomb, capture 9f, mark spot 6a.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 8a.
                             R16. Capture 6d.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2010121-1101112                                     Rotations: 22/23
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][*][*][_][X][_][X]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
6  [_][*][X][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [_][X][X][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, bomb, capture 3e, re-mark spot 3e.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][X][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 5e, mark spot 2d.
1  [*][X][_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb.
                             R9. Capture 4d, mark spot 4b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 6b, mark spot 1c.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 3c.
                             R14. Capture 4c, bomb, re-mark spot 4c.
                             R15. Bomb.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Capture 7c.
                             R18. Capture 3e.
                             R19. Capture 5a.
                             R20. Capture 6a.
                             R21. Capture 7b.
                             R22. Capture 8f.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2010121-1211112                                     Rotations: 14/16
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][_][*][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, mark spot 2e.
6  [X][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][*][_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 4e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3f, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 1a, mark spot 2d.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][X][_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 4d, bomb.
                             R9. Capture 1c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 2c, bomb.
                             R11. Capture 5d.
                             R12. Capture 5e.
                             R13. Capture 6d, bomb.
                             R14. Capture 6b, bomb.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2011002                                             Rotations: 15/17
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
5  [*][X][X][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.</pre><pre id="faqspan-35">4  [_][*][_][X][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 1a, mark spot 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 3c, bomb.
1  [*][X][_][_][X][X][*]     R8. Capture 4c.
                             R9. Capture 5a, mark spot 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 3d, bomb.
                             R12. Capture 3e, bomb, re-mark spot 3e.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 5e.
                             R15. Capture 5g, bomb.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2011011                                             Rotations: 20/21
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1a.
7  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
6  [_][*][X][*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2g, bomb.
5  [*][X][_][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 3g.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][X][_][X][X][*]     R6. Capture 1d, bomb
2  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 2c.
1  [*][X][_][_][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 2d.
                             R9. Capture 3d, bomb, re-mark spot 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 5d, mark spot 2c.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 4c.
                             R14. Capture 5c.
                             R15. Capture 6d.
                             R16. Capture 5a, mark front of row e.
                             R17. Wait.
                             R18. Bomb, capture 2e, re-mark spot 2e.
                             R19. Wait.
                             R20. Bomb. capture 4e.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2011012                                             Rotations: 12/13
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [_][_][_][_][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3e.
4  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 5a.
1  [*][X][_][_][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 6a.
                             R9. Capture 7a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 5c.
                             R11. Capture 3g, mark spot 5e.
                             R12. Bomb until clear while Forbidden Qube in 6e
                                  is protected.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2011100                                             Rotations: 18/19
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [*][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2g.
7  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][*][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 2e.
4  [_][_][_][X][*][_][*]     R5. Bomb, capture 3a.
3  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d.
2  [X][X][X][X][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb, then capture 4e, mark spot 1d.
1  [*][X][_][_][_][X][X]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 1c, bomb, re-mark spot 1c.
                             R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Capture 3c.
                             R13. Capture 5f.
                             R14. Capture 5e.
                             R15. Capture 7a.
                             R16. Capture 8a.
                             R17. Capture 4c, bomb.
                             R18. Capture 5c.

----------------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2011122-0000111-1111112                             Rotations: 10/11
----------------------------------                                True Genius!!

8  [X][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][*][_][*][*]     R4. Capture 1c.
4  [_][*][*][X][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 1a, mark spot 3d.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
2  [X][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5d, mark spot 1c.
1  [*][X][_][_][_][*][*]     R8. Bomb.
                             R9. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb, then capture 4c.

----------------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2011122-0000111-1211121                             Rotations: 10/12
----------------------------------                                True Genius!!

8  [X][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
7  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
6  [*][_][X][X][_][*][_]     R3. Bomb, bomb, then capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1d.
3  [_][*][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [X][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, mark spot 5c.
1  [*][X][_][_][_][*][*]     R8. Bomb.
                             R9. Capture 7c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 6a, bomb.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2011222-1101111                                     Rotations: 17/19
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
7  [_][X][_][_][_][X][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [*][X][_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
5  [X][X][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 3f.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R5. Bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 5f, mark spot 3g.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][X][_][_][*][*][*]     R8. Capture 5g, mark spot 4a.
                             R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 6a, mark spot 3d.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 5d, mark spot 4a again.
                             R13. Bomb.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 7a.
                             R16. Capture 6g.
                             R17. Capture 7g.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2011222-1101222                                     Rotations: 15/18
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
6  [_][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
5  [*][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, mark spot 1c.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][X][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 3c.
2  [_][_][X][_][*][*][*]     R7. Capture 2g.
1  [*][X][_][_][*][*][*]     R8. Capture 5a.
                             R9. Capture 5b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 6a, mark spot 2d.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Bomb, capture 4d.
                             R13. Capture 5d.
                             R14. Run to front right corner.
                             R15. Capture 3g.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2100000                                             Rotations; 12/13
------------------                                                True Genius!!
                                                        (if you're fast enough)
8  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
7  [_][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb, mark row f.
6  [_][X][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][X][_][*][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 2f.
4  [_][X][_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 3a, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][*][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4a.
2  [_][_][X][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 5a.
1  [*][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R8. Capture 6a, bomb.
                             R9. Capture 7a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 8a, start running around to remaining
                                  Qubes, bomb.
                             R11. Capture 7d.
                             R12. Capture 5g.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2100001-1101112                                     Rotations: 21/22
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [*][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark front of row e.
6  [_][_][X][X][*][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
5  [_][_][_][*][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 2e.
4  [*][*][_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 4a.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 1g, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 2g, mark front of row f.
1  [*][_][X][X][X][X][_]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Capture 2f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb, capture 3e, mark spot 2d.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 4d, bomb.
                             R13. Capture 4e.
                             R14. Capture 5d, mark spot 5c.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 7c, mark spot 5d.
                             R17. Wait.
                             R18. Bomb, capture 7d.
                             R19. Capture 7a, bomb, mark spot 4e.
                             R20. Wait.
                             R21. Capture 6e.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2100001-1111122                                     Rotations: 12/14
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][*][_][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 3e, bomb.
7  [_][_][*][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb, mark row c.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [*][*][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2c.
4  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a, start running around front row.
3  [_][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 5d, mark spot 3a.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][*][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][X][X][X][_]     R8. Capture 5a, mark spot 2c.
                             R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 4c, bomb, mark spot 4e.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 6e, bomb.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2100002                                             Rotations: 19/21
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark row d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][X][_][*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
4  [_][X][X][X][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 1g.
3  [_][X][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 3c.
2  [_][*][_][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 3d, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][X][X][X][*]     R8. Capture 3a, mark row e.
                             R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Bomb 3 times, then capture 4e.
                             R13. Capture 4a, mark spot 3d.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Bomb, then capture 5d.
                             R16. Capture 5a, mark spot 3c.
                             R17. Bomb, while running around to right side.
                             R18. Capture 5f.
                             R19. Capture 5g.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2100012                                              Rotations: 22/?
------------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [X][_][_][*][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 1g, bomb.
5  [*][X][*][_][_][_][X]     R4. Bomb, then capture 3c, mark front of row d.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [X][_][*][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2d, mark spot 2a.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][X][X][_][*]     R8. Bomb, capture 4a.
                             R9. Capture 3b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb, capture 4b.
                             R11. Capture 5a, mark spot 2d.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 4d, mark spot 4g.
                             R14. Bomb.
                             R15. Capture 6g.
                             R16. Capture 5f.
                             R17. Capture 5e.
                             R18. Bomb, capture 5d, mark spot 3c.
                             R19. Wait.
                             R20. Capture 5c.
                             R21. Capture 6f.
                             R22. Capture 7g.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2100102-1111021                                     Rotations: 16/17
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][_][*][X][X][_][X]     R2. Capture 1g.
6  [_][*][X][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb, mark front of row c.
4  [*][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2c, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][*][_]     R7. Capture 4a.
1  [*][_][X][X][_][X][*]     R8. Capture 3c, mark spot 2d.
                             R9. Bomb, run around to right side of puzzle.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 4d.
                             R11. Bomb, capture 5d.
                             R12. Capture 6d.
                             R13. Capture 6e.
                             R14. Capture 7f, mark spot 6g.
                             R15. Bomb.
                             R16. Capture 8g, run back to left to escape.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2100102-1111222                                     Rotations: 13/13
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

8  [X][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1g, mark front of row d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d, mark front of row c.
5  [_][*][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, bomb.
4  [X][X][*][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2c.
3  [_][*][X][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 1e.
2  [_][_][_][_][*][*][*]     R7. Capture 1a.
1  [*][_][X][X][_][X][*]     R8. Bomb, capture 3d.
                             R9. Mark spot 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Bomb, then capture 4c.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Bomb.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2100102-2111011                                     Rotations: 20/21
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 3c.
5  [_][_][_][X][*][X][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
4  [_][*][X][_][_][*][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 1g.
3  [_][X][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1e, mark front of row d.
2  [*][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [*][_][X][X][_][X][*]     R8. Capture 2d, re-mark spot 2d.
                             R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 4d, mark spot 1e.
                             R11. Bomb, bomb.
                             R12. Capture 3e.
                             R13. Capture 4e.
                             R14. Capture 5e.
                             R15. Capture 5g, mark spot 4d.
                             R16. Wait, run around to left side of puzzle.
                             R17. Capture 6d.
                             R18. Capture 8a.
                             R19. Capture 8b.
                             R20. Bomb.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2100110                                             Rotations: 18/19
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e, mark front of row g.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1g.
5  [*][X][*][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [X][_][_][X][X][*][_]     R5. Capture 3a, re-mark spot 3a.
3  [_][X][_][_][*][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R7. Bomb, then capture 5a, mark front of row c.
1  [*][_][X][X][_][_][X]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Capture 2c, bomb, mark front of row d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Bomb, capture 2d.
                             R12. Capture 1e.
                             R13. Capture 3c.
                             R14. Capture 4c.
                             R15. Capture 5c, mark spot 2b.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Capture 4b.
                             R18. Bomb, capture 3d.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2100112                                             Rotations: 13/14
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f, bomb, mark front of row c.
7  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
5  [X][_][*][_][*][_][X]     R4. Capture 4g, mark front of row d.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [X][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2d.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2a.
1  [*][_][X][X][_][_][*]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Capture 4a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 4e.
                             R11. Capture 5e.
                             R12. Bomb 3 times, capture 3b.
                             R13. Capture 3c.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2100121                                             Rotations: 16/17
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [X][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, mark spot 2g.
6  [_][*][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [X][_][_][*][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 4g.
4  [_][_][_][_][*][X][*]     R5. Capture 5c.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5d.
1  [*][_][X][X][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 3a, mark spot 2b.
                             R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb, capture 4b.
                             R11. Capture 5b.
                             R12. Capture 6b.
                             R13. Capture 4a, re-mark spot 4a.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 6a, bomb.
                             R16. Capture 7b.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2100201                                             Rotations; 13/15
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1g, bomb, mark spot 2c.
5  [_][X][X][_][*][_][X]     R4. Wait.
4  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4c.
3  [_][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1e, mark spot 3a.
2  [_][_][_][*][_][*][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][X][*][X][_]     R8. Capture 5a, bomb.
                             R9. Capture 4b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 2g.
                             R13. Capture 5e, bomb.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2101000                                             Rotations: 14/15
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb, mark row g.
5  [*][_][*][X][X][*][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [X][_][X][_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 2g, mark row e.
3  [*][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 2e, bomb, mark spot 2c.
1  [*][_][X][_][X][X][X]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 5c.
                             R11. Capture 2d.
                             R12. Capture 3d, bomb.
                             R13. Capture 4d.
                             R14. Capture 4b.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2101002-1110121                                     Rotations: 17/18
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [*][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2b.
4  [*][*][_][X][_][_][*]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 4b.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 3a, bomb, mark spot 1d.
1  [*][_][X][_][X][X][*]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Bomb, bomb, capture 3d, mark row e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 2e, mark spot 3d.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 5d.
                             R14. Capture 6e, mark spot 5d.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 7d.
                             R17. Capture 8g, bomb.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2101002-1111111                                     Rotations: 22/23
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
6  [_][_][*][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [*][X][_][_][X][*][_]     R5. Capture 2d, mark front of row e.
3  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 2e, mark spot 2d.
1  [*][_][X][_][X][X][*]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 5d.
                             R11. Capture 4a, mark spot 2d again.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 4d, bomb, mark spot 2c.
                             R14. Wait while running up right and into middle.
                             R15. Capture 4c, re-mark spot 4c.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Capture 6c.
                             R18. Capture 8g.
                             R19. Capture 3e.
                             R20. Bomb.
                             R21. Capture 7c.
                             R22. Capture 8a.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2101010-1111012                                     Rotations: 19/19
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2g.
7  [_][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
6  [_][*][X][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb, mark front of row c.
5  [*][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
4  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2c.
3  [_][_][X][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 2d, bomb, mark spot 3a.
1  [*][_][X][_][X][_][X]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Capture 5a, mark spot 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb.
                             R11. Capture 4c, mark spot 2d.
                             R12. Bomb.
                             R13. Capture 4d, re-mark spot 4d.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15.  Capture 6d.
                             R16. Capture 5c.
                             R17. Capture 6e.
                             R18. Bomb, capture 6f.
                             R19. Capture 6g.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2101010-1110111                                     Rotations: 19/20
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2g.
7  [_][_][*][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3g, mark front of row e.
4  [_][*][X][*][X][*][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][X][_][_][*][X][*]     R6. Capture 2e, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
1  [*][_][X][_][X][_][X]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Bomb, capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 3e.
                             R11. Capture 4e, mark front of row c.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 2c, bomb 3 times.
                             R14. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2b.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 4b.
                             R17. Capture 3c.
                             R18. Capture 3a, bomb.
                             R19. Capture 4a.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2101010-2111112                                     Rotations: 18/18
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2g.
7  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
6  [*][_][*][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f, bomb, mark front of row e.
5  [_][_][X][_][X][_][*]     R4. Wait.
4  [*][_][_][_][X][*][_]     R5. Capture 2e.
3  [X][X][X][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1a, bomb, mark front of row c.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][X][_][X]     R8. Capture 2c.
                             R9. Bomb, capture 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 2d, bomb.
                             R11. Capture 3d.
                             R12. Capture 4d, mark spot 2c.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 4c, re-mark spot 4c.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 6c.
                             R17. Capture 5d.
                             R18. Bomb.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2101011-1101001                                     Rotations: 19/21
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
7  [_][X][X][X][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [*][_][X][*][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
5  [_][_][*][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1g, bomb.
3  [*][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 2g.
2  [_][_][X][_][X][X][_]     R7. Capture 3g.
1  [*][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 2d, bomb.
                             R9. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 4d.
                             R11. Capture 5d, bomb
                             R12. Capture 6d.
                             R13. Capture 4e, mark front of row c.
                             R14. Wait, run up left side of puzzle.
                             R15. Bomb.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Wait.
                             R18. Capture 5c.
                             R19. Capture 7a.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2101011-1111101                                     Rotations: 19/20
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [X][X][X][X][*][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark front of row e.
6  [*][_][X][*][X][X][_]     R3. Bomb.
5  [_][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2e.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1g, bomb.
3  [*][_][X][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 2g.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 3g.
1  [*][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 1f, bomb.
                             R9. Capture 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 2d.
                             R11. Capture 3d.
                             R12. Capture 4d, mark spot 2e.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 4e.
                             R15. Capture 5d.
                             R16. Capture 6d, mark spot 5f.
                             R17. Wait.
                             R18. Capture 7f.
                             R19. Capture 6g, bomb.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2101011-2110112                                     Rotations: 16/17
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3c.
5  [_][*][X][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
4  [_][X][*][X][*][X][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb, capture 3d.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 1g.
1  [*][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 2g, bomb, mark front of row e.
                             R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 2e.
                             R11. Bomb, then capture 4c.
                             R12. Capture 4e.
                             R13. Capture 3a.
                             R14. Capture 4a, run right.
                             R15. Bomb, capture 4g.
                             R16. Capture 8g.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2101012-1001111                                     Rotations: 19/21
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [_][_][_][_][X][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [X][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
5  [*][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][*][_][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 1g, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 3g, re-mark spot 3g.
2  [_][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][X][_][*]     R8. Bomb, then capture 5g, mark front of row e.
                             R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 2e.
                             R11. Bomb, capture 3e.
                             R12. Capture 4e.
                             R13. Capture 2d, re-mark spot 2d.
                             R14. Wait, run to left half of puzzle.
                             R15. Capture 4d.
                             R16. Capture 4c.
                             R17. Capture 5d.
                             R18. Capture 5e.
                             R19. Bomb.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2101012-1111111                                     Rotations: 18/19
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [_][_][*][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
6  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb, mark row c.
5  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [X][*][_][X][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 2c.
3  [*][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 1a.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 2d, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 3d, re-mark spot 3d.
                             R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 5d, mark spot 2c.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 4c.
                             R13. Bomb, capture 3e.
                             R14. Capture 4b.
                             R15. Capture 5c.
                             R16. Capture 8g.
                             R17. Wait.
                             R18. Bomb.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2101012-1111112                                     Rotations: 17/18
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [*][X][X][X][X][X][*]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
6  [_][*][X][*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
4  [*][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 3g, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 7g, mark front of row e.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 2e, bomb.
                             R9. Bomb, then capture 1a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 3d, bomb.
                             R11. Capture 4d.
                             R12. Capture 5d.
                             R13. Capture 4a.
                             R14. Bomb, then capture 6d, mark spot 2c.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 4c.
                             R17. Bomb, then capture 7a.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2101102                                             Rotations: 17/18
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1g.
5  [_][*][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
4  [*][X][X][X][X][*][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 3d.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 1e.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][X][*]     R8. Capture 2e.
                             R9. Capture 3e, mark spot 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb.
                             R11. Capture 5d.
                             R12. Bomb, then capture 4a, mark front of row f.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 2f, bomb.
                             R15. Capture 2g.
                             R16. Capture 3g, bomb.
                             R17. Capture 8d.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2101110                                             Rotations: 16/17
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 3c, mark row g.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2g.
5  [_][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1f.
4  [X][X][_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1e.
3  [*][_][_][_][*][X][_]     R6. Capture 1d, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][X][X][*][*]     R7. Capture 1a, mark spot 1d.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][_][X]     R8. Bomb.
                             R9. Capture 3d, mark spot 1e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Bomb, then capture 3e.
                             R12. Capture 4c.
                             R13. Bomb.
                             R14. Capture 2f.
                             R15. Capture 3g.
                             R16. Capture 8e.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2101111                                             Rotations: 21/22
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [*][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2c.
6  [_][_][X][X][X][*][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4c.
4  [_][_][_][*][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 1g, re-mark spot 1g.
3  [X][X][X][_][_][X][*]     R6. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 3g.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 1d.
                             R9. Bomb, capture 1e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 1f.
                             R11. Bomb, capture 2e.
                             R12. Capture 2f, mark spot 1d.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 3d.
                             R15. Capture 3e.
                             R16. Capture 4d, mark spot 3e.
                             R17. Wait.
                             R18. Capture 5e.
                             R19. Capture 5c.
                             R20. Bomb, then capture 7a, mark spot 6b.
                             R21. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7b is protected.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2101112-1110021                                     Rotations: 14/15
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [X][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
6  [_][*][_][_][_][*][X]     R3. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][X][X][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2c.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [X][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4c, bomb, mark spot 2a.
2  [_][_][_][X][X][*][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R8. Bomb, then capture 4a.
                             R9. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 3d.
                             R12. Capture 4d, bomb, mark spot 4c.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 6c.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2101112-1110112                                      Rotations: 16/?
--------------------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 5a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1g, bomb.
5  [_][X][X][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
4  [X][*][*][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 2e.
3  [X][_][_][_][*][X][*]     R6. Capture 3g.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 1d.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R8. Bomb, then capture 3e, mark front of row c.
                             R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 2c.
                             R11. Bomb, capture 3c.
                             R12. Capture 3b.
                             R13. Bomb, then capture 4c.
                             R14. Capture 4b, mark spot 1d.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 3d.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2101112-1121012                                     Rotations: 13/14
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [*][X][_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Bomb, capture 1g, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][X][*]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5g, mark spot 2a.
3  [X][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][*][_][X][_][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 4a.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R8. Bomb, capture 5a.
                             R9. Capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 5b.
                             R11. Bomb, capture 1d.
                             R12. Capture 7d, bomb.
                             R13. Capture 8d.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2101121-1110112                                     Rotations: 20/23
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [X][X][X][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, mark spot 2f.
6  [*][_][*][_][X][*][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][X][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 4f, mark spot 2e.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][X][_][_][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 4e.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
                             R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb, capture 3d.
                             R11. Capture 3a.
                             R12. Capture 4a.
                             R13. Capture 3c, bomb.
                             R14. Capture 4c, re-mark spot 4c.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Bomb, then capture 6c.
                             R17. Capture 4d, re-mark spot 4d.
                             R18. Wait.
                             R19. Bomb capture 6d.
                             R20. Capture 5g.

----------------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2101121-2110112-1011000                             Rotations: 13/13
----------------------------------                                    Brilliant

8  [X][X][_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3c.
5  [_][*][_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
4  [_][_][X][*][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][_][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 1f, bomb, mark spot 1d.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 3d.
                             R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb, then capture 4d.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Bomb.

----------------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2101121-2110112-1011001                              Rotations: 18/?
----------------------------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 5e.
7  [_][X][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
6  [_][*][_][_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][*][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 3d, mark front of row c.
3  [_][X][_][_][X][X][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 2c.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 1a, bomb.
                             R9. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 3a, mark spot 3c.
                             R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Capture 5c.
                             R13. Capture 3g.
                             R14. Bomb, then capture 4d.
                             R15. Capture 7a, mark spot 4d.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Capture 6d.
                             R18. Bomb, capture 6c.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2101122-1100122                                      Rotations: 9/12
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, bomb.
6  [_][*][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b.
4  [*][_][X][_][X][*][X]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][*][_][*]     R6. Bomb, then capture 4f, mark spot 1d.
2  [_][_][X][X][_][*][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*][*]     R8. Capture 3d.
                             R9. Capture 4d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

----------------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2101122-1110111-0011100                             Rotations: 19/19
----------------------------------                                    Brilliant

8  [_][*][*][*][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 3d.
7  [X][X][_][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, mark front of row c.
6  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 2c.
4  [*][_][_][X][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 3e.
3  [X][X][_][_][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2a.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*][*]     R8. Capture 4a.
                             R9. Capture 3c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 4c, mark spot 3e.
                             R11. Wait
                             R12. Bomb, capture 5e, mark spot 3d.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 6d, mark spot 4c.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Capture 6c.
                             R18. Capture 7c.
                             R19. Capture 8g, bomb.

----------------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2101122-1110111-1011102                             Rotations: 19/21
----------------------------------                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
6  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
5  [*][X][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [X][_][_][X][X][*][_]     R5. Capture 3d.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 3a, re-mark spot 3a.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*][*]     R8. Bomb.
                             R9. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 3d.
                             R11. Capture 4c, bomb.
                             R12. Capture 5c, mark spot 2b.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 4b.
                             R15. Bomb, capture 3g.
                             R16. Capture 3e, mark spot 3d.
                             R17. Wait while running up.
                             R18. Capture 5d.
                             R19. Bomb, capture 8e.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2101122-2110011                                     Rotations: 19/19
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

8  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
7  [_][_][_][*][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
6  [_][_][*][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][X][*][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1d, mark front of row c.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [X][_][X][_][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 2c, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R7. Bomb twice, then capture 1a, bomb again, mark
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*][*]         spot 1d.
                             R8. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R9. Capture 3d, mark spot 1e.
                             R10. Bomb.
                             R11. Capture 3e.
                             R12. Capture 3f, mark spot 3d.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 5d.
                             R15. Capture 3b, mark spot 4c.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Bomb, then capture 6c.
                             R18. Wait.
                             R19. Bomb twice.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2101211                                             Rotations: 12/12
------------------                                                    Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1e.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, bomb, mark spot 3e.
6  [_][_][*][X][X][X][X]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 5e.
4  [X][X][X][X][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 4g.
3  [*][*][X][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 1a, mark spot 3f.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R7. Bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R8. Capture 5f.
                             R9. Capture 5g, mark spot 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb.
                             R11. Capture 5d.
                             R12. Bomb, capture 8a.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2101221                                             Rotations: 20/21
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2c.
7  [X][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb, bomb.
6  [_][*][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 3c.
5  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, mark spot 2e.
4  [_][X][_][_][_][*][*]     R5. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R6. Capture 4e, mark spot 2d.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][*][_]     R8. Capture 4d.
                             R9. Bomb, capture 4c, mark spot 3b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 5b.
                             R12. Capture 4a.
                             R13. Capture 5a.
                             R14. Capture 6b.
                             R15. Capture 6a, mark spot 4c.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Bomb, capture 6c, mark spot 4d.
                             R18. Wait.
                             R19. Capture 6d.
                             R20. Capture 7d.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2102101                                             Rotations: 19/21
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][X][_][_][*][*][*]     R3. Capture 1g.
5  [X][_][_][_][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 2g.
4  [*][_][*][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 1e.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 1d.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 3f.
1  [*][_][X][*][_][X][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 3g, mark spot 2b.
                             R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 4b.
                             R11. Capture 5b.
                             R12. Capture 5c, bomb.
                             R13. Capture 5d, bomb.
                             R14. Capture 3a, bomb
                             R15. Capture 4a.
                             R16. Capture 6c, then mark spot 4a.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Capture 6a.
                             R18. Capture 4g.
                             R19. Capture 5g.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2110002-1101221                                     Rotations: 13/13
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
6  [*][*][X][_][*][*][*]     R3. Capture 1c.
5  [*][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark row e.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 2e.
2  [_][_][X][_][*][*][_]     R7. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][X][*]     R8. Capture 1b.
                             R9. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 5d.
                             R11. Capture 6f, bomb.
                             R12. Capture 6d, re-mark spot 6d.
                             R13. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7d is protected.


--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2110002-1110121                                     Rotations: 14/15
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 4c.
7  [_][*][X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][*][X][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 3a.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][X][*]     R4. Capture 1c.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2c, bomb.
3  [*][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1g.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 5c.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][X][*]     R8. Capture 7a, bomb.
                             R9. Bomb, then capture 6c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 7b.
                             R11. Wait while running to right side of puzzle.
                             R12. Bomb, then capture 6g, mark spot 5f.
                             R13. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5f is protected.
                             R14. Bomb.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2110102                                             Rotations: 15
------------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1g.
7  [X][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [X][*][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e.
5  [_][X][_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 3e.</pre><pre id="faqspan-36">4  [_][X][_][_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 1c.
3  [_][X][_][X][*][X][_]     R6. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 2g.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][X][*]     R8. Bomb, bomb, capture 3g.
                             R9. Capture 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 3a.
                             R11. Bomb, capture 4a.
                             R12. Capture 5a.
                             R13. Capture 3c.
                             R14. Capture 4c.
                             R15. Capture 5c.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2110112-1101011                                     Rotations: 21/22
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
7  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
5  [_][X][_][*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb, mark front of row d.
4  [_][*][X][_][X][X][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 2d.
2  [_][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 1g.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R8. Bomb, capture 1e, re-mark spot 1e.
                             R9. Wait, run to left side of puzzle.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 3e.
                             R11. Bomb, capture 5a.
                             R12. Capture 6a, mark spot 1c.
                             R13. Bomb.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 5c.
                             R17. Capture 4d.
                             R18. Capture 5d.
                             R19. Capture 4g.
                             R20. Capture 8g.
                             R21. Bomb, bomb.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2110112-1101012                                     Rotations: 18/20
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [*][*][*][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 3d.
7  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
5  [_][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
4  [X][X][X][_][X][*][_]     R5. Capture 1a, then bomb, mark spot 1c.
3  [X][_][_][_][X][X][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 3c, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 3b.
                             R9. Capture 4d, re-mark spot 4d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 6d, mark spot 2a.
                             R12. Bomb 4 times.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 5a, mark row d.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 2d.
                             R17. Capture 3g.
                             R18. Capture 8f.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2110112-1111011                                     Rotations: 19/20
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
6  [_][*][_][X][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
5  [X][X][_][*][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 1c.
4  [X][_][_][X][_][*][X]     R5. Capture 2c.
3  [*][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 3d.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark spot 2c.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R8. Bomb.
                             R10. Capture 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 4b.
                             R12. Capture 5c, bomb, mark spot 3d.
                             R13. Bomb.
                             R14. Capture 5d, mark spot 1e.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 3e.
                             R17. Capture 4e.
                             R18. Bomb, then capture 4f.
                             R19. Capture 5e.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2110121-1100112                                     Rotations: 17/20
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
6  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3e.
5  [X][X][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][X][*][X][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 4e, mark spot 1c.
2  [_][_][X][X][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 3c.
                             R9. Capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 4a, mark spot 2b.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 4b, mark spot 1c again.
                             R13. Bomb.
                             R14. Bomb.
                             R15. Capture 4c.
                             R16. Capture 5c.
                             R17. Capture 5d.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2110121-1201112                                     Rotations: 15/16
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][X][X][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][*][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1f, bomb, mark spot 2e.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R5. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][*][X][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 5e.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb, capture 5g, mark spot 2d.
                             R9. Bomb, run around to left half of puzzle.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 4d.
                             R11. Capture 5d.
                             R12. Capture 6b.
                             R13. Capture 6a.
                             R14. Capture 7a, bomb.
                             R15. Capture 8a, bomb.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2110121-1210111                                     Rotations: 13/13
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
7  [_][X][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][X][X][X][*]     R3. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][*][*][X][_]     R4. Capture 2c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1f, bomb, mark spot 2f.
3  [X][X][_][*][_][X][X]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 4f, bomb, mark spot 2g.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Capture 4g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 5g.
                             R11. Capture 6g.
                             R12. Capture 7a.
                             R13. Capture 8a, bomb.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2110121-2111211                                     Rotations: 12/18
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 1f, bomb, mark spot 2g.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4g.
5  [_][*][X][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 5d.
4  [X][*][X][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
3  [*][_][X][_][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 4b, mark spot 3a.
2  [*][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 5a.
                             R9. Capture 1c, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 2c.
                             R11. Capture 4b.
                             R12. Capture 6d.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2110122                                              Rotations: 14/?
------------------

8  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
7  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][*][*][X][_][*][*]     R4. Capture 1c.
4  [*][X][_][_][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 3b, mark spot 2a.
3  [X][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 4a, mark spot 2d.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][*][*]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Bomb, capture 4d, mark spot 1c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb.
                             R11. Capture 3c.
                             R12. Bomb, bomb, capture 4c.
                             R13. Capture 8f.
                             R14. Capture 8g.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2111000                                             Rotations: 16/17
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 3e, mark row g.
7  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R2. Wait.
6  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R3. Capture 2g.
5  [*][*][*][*][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][X][X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 3b, re-mark spot 3b.
3  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][X][X][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 5b, mark spot 2a.
1  [*][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R8. Bomb.
                             R9. Capture 4a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
                             R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Capture 3c, bomb.
                             R13. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d, bomb.
                             R14. Wait while running into puzzle.
                             R15. Capture 3d.
                             R16. Capture 5g.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2111002                                             Rotations: 16/18
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [*][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1g.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2a.
4  [*][*][X][X][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb.
3  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4a.
2  [_][_][X][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 1d, bomb, re-mark spot 1d.
1  [*][_][_][_][X][X][*]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Capture 3d, bomb, bomb, mark spot 6g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 8g, mark spot 3d.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 5d.
                             R14. Capture 5e.
                             R15. Capture 6e, re-mark spot 6e.
                             R16. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7e is protected.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2111010                                             Rotations: 19/20
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
6  [*][_][_][_][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
5  [_][*][_][_][*][X][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb, mark front of row g.
4  [_][_][X][X][X][*][_]     R5. Wait.
3  [*][X][*][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, bomb, then capture 2g, mark row e.
2  [_][_][X][X][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_][X][_][X]     R8. Capture 2e.
                             R9. Capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 1f.
                             R11. Capture 3e, bomb, re-mark spot 3e.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 5e, mark spot 1d.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 3d, mark spot 4f.
                             R16. Bomb.
                             R17. Capture 6f.
                             R18. Capture 5g.
                             R19. Capture 6g.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2111012                                             Rotations: 21/21
------------------                                                    Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][X][X][*][_]     R3. Capture 3e.
5  [_][*][X][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3g.
4  [_][X][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [_][*][_][X][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 1a.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 3e.
1  [*][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Capture 5e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 3g.
                             R11. Capture 2d, bomb, re-mark spot 2d.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 4d, mark spot 1c.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 3c.
                             R16. Capture 4c.
                             R17. Capture 5d.
                             R18. Capture 4a, mark spot 3b.
                             R19. Wait.
                             R20. Bomb, then capture 5b.
                             R21. Capture 5a.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2111022                                             Rotations: 11/12
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][*][*][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1d.
5  [*][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
4  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2d, bomb, bomb, mark spot 3a.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 5a.
1  [*][_][_][_][X][*][*]     R8. Capture 5d, bomb, mark spot 5f.
                             R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb, then capture 7f.
                             R11. Bomb, capture 6d.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2111102                                             Rotations: 21/23
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [_][_][X][*][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
6  [_][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
5  [_][X][X][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [*][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 4a.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][X][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 1e.
1  [*][_][_][_][_][X][*]     R8. Capture 2d, bomb.
                             R9. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 4d, re-mark spot 4d.
                             R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Capture 6d.
                             R13. Capture 5a, mark spot 1e, run up left side.
                             R14. to R17. Wait.
                             R18. Capture 6e.
                             R19. Capture 7d.
                             R20. Capture 8g.
                             R21. Bomb.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2111222                                             Rotations: 18/19
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
5  [X][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [*][X][*][*][X][*][X]     R5. Capture 3d.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_][*][*][*]     R8. Capture 3a.
                             R9. Capture 4a, mark spot 2b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 5b, bomb.
                             R13. Capture 4d, mark spot 2f.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 4f.
                             R16. Capture 3g.
                             R17. Bomb, bomb, then capture 4c.
                             R18. Capture 8g.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2112011                                              Rotations: 14/?
------------------

8  [_][_][*][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f.
7  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
6  [_][*][X][X][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 2f.
5  [*][X][_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1g.
4  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1c.
2  [_][_][X][X][X][*][X]     R7. Capture 3a.
1  [*][_][_][*][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 4a, mark spot 5g.
                             R9. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb, capture 7g.
                             R11. Capture 5a, mark spot 5f.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Bomb, capture 7f, mark spot 5c.
                             R14. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 6c is protected.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2200012                                             Rotations: 16/17
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
7  [_][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
6  [*][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, mark front of row e.
5  [_][*][X][_][*][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 2e, mark front of row d.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][X][*]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][*][X][X][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 3d.
                             R9. Capture 1g, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 3g, mark spot 3e.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Bomb, then capture 5e.
                             R13. Capture 4d, bomb, bomb.
                             R14. Capture 6a, mark spot 4c.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 6c, bomb.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2210000                                              Rotations: 14/?
------------------

8  [_][_][_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb, mark front of row g.
7  [_][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R2. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2g.
5  [X][*][X][*][_][_][X]     R4. Bomb, capture 3a.
4  [*][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, mark front of row d.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][*][*][*][*]     R7. Capture 2d, mark spot 2b.
1  [*][*][_][X][X][X][X]     R8. Bomb.
                             R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 5b, mark spot 4g.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Bomb, capture 6g.
                             R13. Bomb.
                             R14. Bomb, then capture 4a.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2210122                                             Rotations: 12/14
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, mark front of row d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
4  [_][_][X][X][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 2d.
3  [X][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][*][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][*][_][X][_][*][*]     R8. Capture 5d.
                             R9. Capture 6g, bomb, re-mark spot 6g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Wait.
                             R11. Capture 8g.
                             R12. Capture 8a.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2211002                                             Rotations: 16/18
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [*][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 4d.
7  [_][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, mark front of row e.
5  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][_][X][*][_]     R5. Capture 2e.
3  [X][X][_][X][X][X][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 1g.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 3c, re-mark spot 3c.
1  [*][*][_][_][X][X][*]     R8. Wait.
                             R9. Capture 5c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb, capture 2g.
                             R11. Capture 3g, mark front of row f.
                             R12. Bomb.
                             R13. Bomb, capture 2f, run to upper left corner.
                             R14. Capture 7a.
                             R15. Capture 8a.
                             R16. Bomb.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2211022                                             Rotations: 10/15
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][X][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1b.
7  [_][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, mark spot 3c.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5c.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][*][_][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 5a.
1  [*][*][_][_][X][*][*]     R8. Bomb, capture 7d.
                             R9. Capture 8e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 8f, bomb.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2211110                                             Rotations: 20/23
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3g.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [_][*][X][*][*][X][*]     R5. Capture 3d.
3  [*][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 1e.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 2e.
1  [*][*][_][_][_][_][X]     R8. Bomb, capture 3e.
                             R9. Capture 4d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 4e.
                             R11. Capture 1f, re-mark spot 1f.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Bomb, bomb, capture 3f.
                             R14. Capture 4g, mark front of row g.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Bomb, capture 2g.
                             R17. Capture 3c.
                             R18. Capture 4a.
                             R19. Capture 8a.
                             R20. Capture 8g.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2221012-1111001                                     Rotations: 18/22
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
7  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
6  [_][*][_][X][_][_][*]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1g.
5  [X][X][*][*][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 1f, re-mark spot 1f.
4  [X][_][X][_][X][_][X]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 3f.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][X][_]     R7. Capture 2g.
1  [*][*][*][_][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 3g.
                             R9. Capture 4f, mark spot 3g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb.
                             R11. Capture 5g, mark spot 2c.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 5c.
                             R15. Capture 3d.
                             R16. Capture 4d.
                             R17. Bomb, bomb, then capture 5d.
                             R18. Capture 4b.

--------------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2221012-1111200                                     Rotations: 11/13
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 3c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 4c.
5  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1g.
4  [_][X][_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1f, mark front of row e.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][*][_]     R6. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][*][X][X]     R7. Bomb, then capture 2e.
1  [*][*][*][_][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 5c.
                             R9. Capture 1a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Bomb.
                             R11. Capture 4a.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2221100                                             Rotations: 11/12
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3g, bomb
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][*][*]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 1d.
4  [X][_][X][_][X][*][*]     R5. Wait.
3  [X][X][X][*][_][*][*]     R6. Capture 3d, mark spot 2b.
2  [*][*][*][X][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
1  [*][*][*][_][_][X][X]     R8. Capture 4b.
                             R9. Bomb, capture 2e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 3e.
                             R11. Capture 4d.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2221101                                             Rotations: 12/12
------------------                                                    Brilliant

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 4e.
7  [*][*][_][_][*][X][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2g.
5  [_][_][*][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
4  [*][*][X][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 1e.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 3e, re-mark spot 3e.
1  [*][*][*][_][_][X][_]     R8. Bomb.
                             R9. Capture 5e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 7g, bomb.
                             R11. Bomb, then capture 7e, mark spot 6f.
                             R12. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7f is protected.

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2222210                                               Rotations: 7/8
------------------                                                True Genius!!

8  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 1a.
7  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R2. Capture 1b, mark row f.
6  [*][*][*][*][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
5  [*][*][*][*][_][X][_]     R4. Wait.
4  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R5. Wait.
3  [_][_][*][*][*][*][*]     R6. Wait.
2  [X][_][*][*][*][_][_]     R7. Bomb until clear while Forbidden Qube in 5f is
1  [*][*][*][*][*][_][X]         protected.

    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x8 Puzzle 2222222                                               Rotations: 7/?
------------------

8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
5  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R4. Bomb, capture 1a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5g.
1  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]

    a  b  c  d  e  f  g


-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-
                               3.8 EIGHTH STAGE
-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-

   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     3.8.1 EIGHTH STAGE, WAVE 1 - 7x8 PUZZLES
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Uses same set of puzzles as Seventh Stage waves 3 &amp; 4.  See section 3.7.2 just
above.


   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     3.8.2 EIGHT STAGE, WAVES 2, 3 &amp; 4 - 7x9 PUZZLES
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0000001                                             Rotations: 13/15
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2f.
8  [*][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
7  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2g, mark front of row a.
6  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][*][*][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 3f, mark front of row e.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][*][X]     R7. Wait.
2  [*][*][X][X][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 2e, bomb.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][X][_]     R9. Capture 3e, bomb, run left and mark spot 5a.
                             R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Capture 8a.
                             R13. Bomb, capture 8c.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0000002-0000221                                     Rotations: 19/18
--------------------------                                Got any better ideas?

9  [_][_][_][*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 1g, mark row b.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][X][*]     R2. Wait.
7  [X][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Bomb.
6  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [X][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 5b.
3  [X][X][X][*][X][_][_]     R7. Mark row d.
2  [X][X][X][X][*][*][_]     R8. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][X][*]     R9. Wait.
                             R10. Bomb, then capture 3d, mark row e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Bomb, then capture 2e, mark spot 6g.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 8g, mark spot 5b.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 7b, bomb.
                             R17. Capture 8d.
                             R18. Capture 9d, bomb.
                             R19. Capture 7c.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0000002-2111221                                     Rotations: 15/16
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c, mark front of row a.
8  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, mark front of row c.
6  [_][_][_][X][*][*][*]     R4. Bomb.
5  [X][_][X][_][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 2c.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1g.
3  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_][*][*][_]     R8. Bomb, then mark spot 4f.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][X][*]     R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Bomb, then capture 6f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 5d, bomb.
                             R12. Capture 5b, mark spot 4c.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Bomb, capture 6c.
                             R15. Bomb, capture 7c.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0000011-0200112                                     Rotations: 12/15
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [X][X][X][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b, mark row e.
8  [_][_][_][_][*][_][X]     R2. Wait.
7  [*][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R3. Bomb, capture 2e.
6  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 1g.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 2g, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 3e.
3  [_][_][*][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 4f.
2  [X][*][X][X][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 6a, bomb, mark spot 5c.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][_][_]     R9. Wait.
                             R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 8c, bomb, bomb, bomb.
                             R12. Capture 7a, bomb.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0000011-1210012                                     Rotations: 9/13
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][*][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b, mark row a.
8  [_][_][*][_][*][_][_]     R2. Wait.
7  [_][_][_][*][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1g, bomb.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 2g.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1f, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 5g, mark row c.
2  [_][*][_][X][X][_][*]     R8. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][_][_]     R9. Capture 2c, bomb until clear.

    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0000012-0121012-0111010-0111011                     Rotations: 17/17
------------------------------------------                            Brilliant
                                                               (if you're fast)
9  [_][_][X][X][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
8  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
7  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3f, mark row a.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [*][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Bomb.
4  [X][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
3  [X][_][_][_][X][_][X]     R7. Wait, while running up right side of puzzle.
2  [X][_][*][_][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 5a.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][_][*]     R9. Capture 8g, bomb.
                             R10. Capture 9g, start running across top to left,
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g           then bomb to give yourself more time.
                             R11. Capture 5c, mark spot 4d, run back around.
                             R12. Wait while running.
                             R13. Capture 6d.
                             R14. Capture 8f.
                             R15. Capture 8e.
                             R16. Capture 7d.
                             R17. Capture 8d.

------------------------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0000012-0121012-0111010-2111010                     Rotations: 17/17
------------------------------------------                            Brilliant
                                                               (if you're fast)
9  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 4a, mark row c.
8  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
7  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, bomb, then capture 2c.
6  [*][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1g, bomb.
5  [_][_][*][X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 3f.
4  [*][_][_][_][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 4f.
3  [X][_][_][_][X][_][X]     R7. Wait.
2  [X][_][*][_][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 5f.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][_][*]     R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Capture 8e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 9e.
                             R12. Capture 9g and run around and down left side.
                             R13. Capture 5c, mark spot 4d.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 7d.
                             R17. Bomb.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0000012-2211111                                     Rotations: 14/17
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
8  [X][X][X][X][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1g, mark row d.
7  [*][*][*][*][_][_][*]     R3. Bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d, mark row b.
5  [_][_][_][*][*][_][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][*][X][X][X][X]     R6. Bomb 3 times, then capture 2b.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 3e, bomb.
2  [*][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 3d.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][_][*]     R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 7a, mark spot 3e.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 5e.
                             R14. Bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0000020                                             Rotations: 17/17
------------------                                                    Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b, mark row e.
8  [_][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R2. Wait.
7  [_][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 2e, bomb, bomb.
6  [_][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1f, mark row d.
4  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][*][_][_][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 2d.
2  [*][*][*][_][_][_][X]     R8. Capture 2f.
1  [X][X][X][X][X][*][X]     R9. Capture 3d, bomb, re-mark spot 3d.
                             R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 5d.
                             R12. Capture 6a, mark spot 6g.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 8g, mark spot 6e.
                             R15. Bomb.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Capture 9e.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0000101                                             Rotations: 14/15
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][*][_][*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
8  [_][_][*][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb, mark front of row b.
7  [_][X][X][X][X][_][*]     R3. Wait.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 5g.
4  [_][_][*][*][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][*][_][_]     R7. Capture 7g.
2  [_][*][_][X][_][*][*]     R8. Capture 7f.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][X][_]     R9. Capture 5a.
                             R10. Bomb, then capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 7a.
                             R13. Bomb, bomb.
                             R14. Bomb, bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0000102                                             Rotations: 16/16
------------------                                                    Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
8  [_][_][*][_][_][X][X]     R2. Capture 1g.
7  [X][_][X][X][X][X][*]     R3. Capture 1e, mark front of row a.
6  [_][*][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Bomb.
5  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2a.
4  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][*][_][_]     R7. Mark spot 5g.
2  [*][_][X][X][X][*][_]     R8. Bomb.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][X][*]     R9. Bomb, then capture 7g.
                             R10. Capture 5a, mark spot 4b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Bomb, then capture 6b.
                             R13. Capture 6a.
                             R14. Capture 7b.
                             R15. Bomb.
                             R16. Bomb twice.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0000111                                             Rotations: 12/17
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3b, bomb.
8  [X][X][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
7  [*][X][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2g.
6  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 1f.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][X][*]     R5. Capture 5g.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1e.
3  [_][*][_][X][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 6g.
2  [*][_][_][X][X][_][*]     R8. Bomb 4 times and slip through to the left.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R9. Bomb, then capture 7b.
                             R10. Capture 5c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 9c.
                             R12. Bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0000112                                             Rotations: 15/17
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 6g.
8  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
7  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2e, bomb.
6  [X][X][X][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 3e, mark row b.
5  [*][_][X][_][_][_][X]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R6. Bomb, then capture 2b.
3  [_][_][_][X][*][X][X]     R7. Capture 1g, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 5a.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][_][*]     R9. Capture 5b, mark spot 6d.
                             R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 8d, bomb, mark spot 6e.
                             R12. Bomb.
                             R13. Capture 8e.
                             R14. Capture 9e.
                             R15. Capture 9d.

----------------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0000121-2110112-1210011                             Rotations: 14/?
----------------------------------

9  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3b, bomb.
8  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
7  [*][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2g.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1f, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][*][X][*]     R5. Capture 5g, mark spot 2e.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][*][_][X][X][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 5e.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 9f.
                             R10. Bomb, bomb, run left.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 7a.
                             R12. Capture 8c.
                             R13. Capture 9c.
                             R14. Capture 9d.

----------------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0000121-2110112-1210111                             Rotations: 15/15
----------------------------------                                    Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 3b, bomb.
8  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
7  [*][X][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2g.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1f.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][X][*]     R5. Bomb, then capture 5g, mark spot 3e.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R8. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 7e, bomb, bomb.
                             R10. Capture 9g, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 7a.
                             R12. Capture 8c.
                             R13. Capture 9c.
                             R14. Capture 9d, bomb.
                             R15. Capture 9e.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0000122-2201111                                     Rotations: 12/14
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][*][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 4f.
8  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb, mark front of row d.
7  [*][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][X][X][X][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d, mark front of row b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][*][*]     R6. Bomb 3 times, then capture 2b.
3  [*][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 3e.
2  [*][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 3d, bomb, bomb.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*][*]     R9. Capture 4d, bomb to clear Advantage Zone.
                             R10. Capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 7a.
                             R12. Capture 5d, bomb.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0000122-2210111                                     Rotations: 16/17
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
7  [_][*][*][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3e.
6  [_][*][X][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3f.
5  [_][_][X][X][*][*][_]     R5. Mark spot 2g.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][X][*]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 4g, mark front of row b.
2  [*][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][X][_][*][*]     R9. Bomb, then capture 2b.
                             R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Bomb.
                             R13. Capture 6a.
                             R14. Bomb, then capture 6b.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0000200                                             Rotations: 18/19
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [X][X][X][X][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
8  [_][_][_][X][X][*][_]     R2. Bomb, capture 1e, mark row c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R4. Wait.
5  [*][X][X][_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 3c, bomb, bomb, mark spot 4g.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [*][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R8. Capture 7g.
1  [X][X][X][X][*][X][X]     R9. Bomb, capture 5a, mark spot 3c.
                             R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 7c, mark spot 5d.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 7d, mark spot 5e.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Capture 7e, run around Forbidden Qubes.
                             R18. Capture 8c.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0001000                                             Rotations: 14/15
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d, mark front of row g.
8  [X][X][*][X][X][X][X]     R2. Bomb.
7  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [X][*][_][*][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 3g.
5  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb, mark front of row a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [X][X][_][*][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
2  [X][X][*][*][*][X][X]     R8. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][_][X][X][X]     R9. Bomb, capture 4a.
                             R10. Capture 7b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 8c.
                             R12. Capture 7f.
                             R13. Capture 6g.
                             R14. Capture 7g.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0001100-0000122                                     Rotations: 14/16
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3b.
8  [_][_][*][*][*][_][_]     R2. Bomb, capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
7  [*][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][X][X][*][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 4d, mark row f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
3  [*][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 2f.
2  [X][X][X][X][_][*][*]     R8. Capture 1e, bomb.
1  [X][X][X][_][_][X][X]     R9. Capture 5e.
                             R10. Capture 6c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Bomb, mark spot 5e.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Bomb until clear while Forbidden Qube in 7e
                                  is protected.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0001100-2220122                                     Rotations: 12/13
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
8  [_][*][*][*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
7  [*][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, mark front of row b.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][*][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 2b.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [*][*][*][X][_][*][*]     R8. Wait.
1  [X][X][X][_][_][X][X]     R9. Wait.
                             R10. Bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0001110                                             Rotations: 13/14
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
7  [_][*][_][X][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 2e.
6  [X][X][_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 3e.
5  [*][_][X][_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 4c.
3  [_][_][_][X][*][X][X]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][X][_][X][X]     R8. Capture 6c.
1  [X][X][X][_][_][_][X]     R9. Bomb 3 times, then capture 5a.
                             R10. Capture 5b, mark spot 6d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 8d, bomb.
                             R13. Capture 9d, bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0001121                                             Rotations: 18/20
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 4d, mark row a.
8  [*][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R2. Wait.
7  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, bomb, then capture 2a.
6  [X][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 1f.
5  [X][_][*][_][_][X][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 1d, mark row c.
4  [_][_][_][*][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 2c.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 5g.
1  [X][X][X][_][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 6g.
                             R10. Capture 7g, mark spot 4f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 7e, run towards 4a and mark it.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Capture 8a, bomb.
                             R18. Capture 3c.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0002000-0011112                                     Rotations: 17/?
--------------------------

9  [X][X][_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 3a, mark front of row c.
8  [_][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
7  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb twice, capture 2c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1d, mark front of row e.
5  [_][*][_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [*][_][X][*][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 2e, mark front of row f.
3  [*][_][_][X][_][X][X]     R7. Wait.
2  [X][X][_][_][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 2f.
1  [X][X][X][*][X][X][X]     R9. Capture 2d, re-mark spot 2d.
                             R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 4d, mark front of row g.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Bomb, then capture 2g.
                             R14. Capture 3e.
                             R15. Capture 3c.
                             R16. Bomb.
                             R17. Bomb.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0002000-1121212                                      Rotations: 9/10
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
8  [*][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1d, mark row g.
7  [*][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2g.
5  [_][_][_][*][_][_][X]     R5. Bomb, mark spot 2a.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [X][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 4a.
2  [_][_][*][_][*][_][*]     R8. Bomb, capture 6d.
1  [X][X][X][*][X][X][X]     R9. Capture 5f, bomb until clear.

    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0002201                                             Rotations: 13/14
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d, mark front of row b.
8  [X][_][*][*][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
7  [_][_][_][X][*][_][*]     R3. Capture 2b.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 1g.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2g.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R6. Bomb, then capture 1e, mark front of row f.
3  [*][_][_][*][*][*][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [*][*][*][X][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 2f.
1  [X][X][X][*][*][X][_]     R9. Capture 3g, bomb.
                             R10. Capture 7e.</pre><pre id="faqspan-37">    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 7a.
                             R12. Bomb, mark spot 6d.
                             R13. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 7d is
                                  protected.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0010000-0010000                                     Rotations: 15/?
--------------------------

9  [_][_][X][X][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 5f, bomb, mark front of row b.
8  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Bomb, bomb.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3b.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1c.
4  [*][X][X][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 2c.
3  [_][*][_][X][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 3c, bomb, mark front of row a.
2  [X][X][_][X][X][X][X]     R8. Bomb.
1  [X][X][_][X][X][X][X]     R9. Wait.
                             R10. Capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 4a, run up-right.
                             R12. Capture 7e, re-mark spot 7e.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 9e.
                             R15. Bomb.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0010000-2110122                                     Rotations: 13/13
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 3d, mark front of row f.
8  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2f.
6  [*][_][_][*][*][*][_]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
5  [X][X][X][X][X][X][*]     R5. Capture 2c.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3c, mark front of row a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][*][*]     R8. Capture 2a.
1  [X][X][_][X][X][X][X]     R9. Bomb, mark spot 4a.
                             R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb, then capture 6a.
                             R12. Bomb twice, capture 4d.
                             R13. Capture 5g.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0010000-2211100                                     Rotations: 13/14
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][X][X][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 3g, mark front of row a.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2a.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1c, mark front of row b.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2b, mark front of row d.
3  [X][X][X][X][_][_][*]     R7. Wait.
2  [*][*][_][_][_][X][X]     R8. Capture 2d.
1  [X][X][_][X][X][X][X]     R9. Bomb, capture 2c, mark front of row e.
                             R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 2e.
                             R12. Capture 3e.
                             R13. Capture 9e.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0010021                                              Rotations: 9/10
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [X][X][X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
8  [X][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1f.
7  [X][_][*][*][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1g.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb, re-mark spot 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][X][*][_][*]     R6. Capture 3c, mark front of row d.
3  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb 3 times.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 2d.
1  [X][X][_][X][X][*][_]     R9. Capture 3d.

    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0010101                                              Rotations: 9/11
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [X][X][X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
8  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
7  [X][_][_][*][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][*][_][X][X][*]     R5. Bomb 3 times, then capture 5g, mark row a.
4  [*][_][X][X][*][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 2a, mark spot 1c.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb.
1  [X][X][_][X][_][X][_]     R9. Bomb, capture 3c.

    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0010121-0011211                                     Rotations: 19/20
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [X][X][X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
7  [X][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1f, bomb.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 2c, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 3c, re-mark spot 3c.
4  [_][_][X][*][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [*][X][_][_][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 5c, bomb, mark spot 2g.
2  [X][X][_][_][*][_][_]     R8. Bomb.
1  [X][X][_][X][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 4g.
                             R10. Capture 5g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 6g.
                             R12. Capture 7g.
                             R13. Capture 5f, re-mark spot 5f.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 7f, bomb.
                             R16. Capture 8g, run left.
                             R17. Mark spot 6a.
                             R18. Wait.
                             R19. Capture 8a.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0010121-2010122                                     Rotations: 16/17
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
7  [*][X][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c, bomb.
6  [X][X][X][*][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1f, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][X][*][_][_]     R5. Mark spot 5a.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][*][_][*][X][X][X]     R7. Bomb, then capture 7a, mark row d.
2  [*][X][_][X][_][*][*]     R8. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][X][_][*][_]     R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 4d.
                             R13. Capture 7g.
                             R14. Capture 8g.
                             R15. Capture 9g, bomb.
                             R16. Capture 9f.

----------------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0010121-2101211-1101110                             Rotations: 18/19
----------------------------------                                True Genius!!

9  [X][X][X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1f, bomb, mark row b.
6  [X][_][*][_][_][X][X]     R4. Bomb.
5  [_][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 2b, mark spot 2g.
4  [_][_][X][*][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 4g, bomb.
2  [*][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R8. Capture 5g, bomb, re-mark spot 5g.
1  [X][X][_][X][_][*][_]     R9. Wait.
                             R10. Capture 7g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 7f.
                             R12. Capture 5d, mark spot 5f.
                             R13. Bomb.
                             R14. Capture 7f, mark spot 5a.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 7a.
                             R17. Capture 8a.
                             R18. Capture 8g.

----------------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0010121-2101211-2101110                             Rotations: 15/15
----------------------------------                                    Brilliant

9  [X][X][X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 2g.
6  [X][_][*][_][_][X][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 4g.
4  [_][_][X][*][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 5f, bomb.
3  [*][_][X][_][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 5g, bomb.
2  [*][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R8. Capture 6g.
1  [X][X][_][X][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 7g, mark spot 5f.
                             R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 7f.
                             R12. Capture 8g, bomb, mark spot 5a.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 7a.
                             R15. Capture 8a.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0011012                                             Rotations: 19/20
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
8  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, re-mark spot 1c.
7  [_][_][*][X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 3c, bomb.
5  [_][_][*][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1d.
4  [*][*][X][X][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 1g.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 3d, bomb, mark row e.
1  [X][X][_][_][X][_][*]     R9. Wait.
                             R10. Capture 2e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 3e, mark spot 3g.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 5g.
                             R14. Capture 4e, bomb.
                             R15. Capture 5e, mark spot 3d.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Capture 5d, mark spot 7a.
                             R18. Wait.
                             R19. Capture 9a.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0011111                                             Rotations: 12/15
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][*][*][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
6  [*][_][_][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 1g.
5  [X][*][_][*][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2g.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][*][X]     R7. Capture 1e.
2  [*][_][X][*][X][X][*]     R8. Capture 1f, bomb.
1  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R9. Capture 6d.
                             R10. Bomb, then capture 5b, mark spot 1f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Bomb, then capture 3f.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0011122                                             Rotations: 16/?
------------------

9  [X][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 5d.
8  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, mark front of row b.
7  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb to clear Advantage mark.
6  [_][_][X][X][*][*][_]     R4. Capture 2b.
5  [*][X][_][_][X][X][*]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 1d, mark spot 3g.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [*][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 5g.
1  [X][X][_][_][_][*][*]     R9. Capture 4f.
                             R10. Capture 5c, bomb, re-mark spot 5c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Capture 7c.
                             R13. Capture 5a, mark spot 5d.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Bomb, capture 7d.
                             R16. Capture 9g.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0011212                                             Rotations: 20/22
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [X][X][X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c, mark front of row a.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Wait.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 2a.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][X][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1e.
5  [X][_][*][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 1g.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][_][X]     R8. Bomb.
1  [X][X][_][_][*][_][*]     R9. Wait.
                             R10. Capture 5c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb, capture 6g.
                             R12. Bomb, then capture 7g, mark spot 5f.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 7f.
                             R15. Capture 8g, bomb, mark spot 4a.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Capture 6a.
                             R18. Capture 7a.
                             R19. Capture 8a.
                             R20. Capture 8b.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0012100-0011100                                     Rotations: 17/19
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3a
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, mark front of row f.
7  [X][X][_][_][_][X][*]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][X][X][*][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 3f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3d, bomb, bomb.
3  [*][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 4d, re-mark spot 4d.
2  [X][X][_][_][_][X][X]     R8. Wait.
1  [X][X][_][*][_][X][X]     R9. Capture 6d, mark spot 2c.
                             R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb, bomb, capture 4c.
                             R12. Capture 7g.
                             R13. Capture 5c.
                             R14. Capture 6a, bomb, re-mark spot 6a.
                             R15. Wait while running around to remaining Qubes.
                             R16. Capture 8a.
                             R17. Capture 9a.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0012100-1011100                                     Rotations: 16/17
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 3b, mark row a.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
7  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb, mark row g.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
4  [_][X][X][X][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
3  [*][*][_][X][X][X][X]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][X][_][_][_][X][X]     R8. Capture 4g, mark row a.
1  [X][X][_][*][_][X][X]     R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 3a.
                             R12. Capture 3c.
                             R13. Capture 4a, mark spot 2e.
                             R14. Run around and into puzzle toward 4e.
                             R15. Capture 4e.
                             R16. Bomb, capture 5e.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0012100-2111121                                     Rotations: 15/18
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 6d, mark row a.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
7  [X][_][_][_][_][X][*]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2a.
6  [X][X][X][*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb, mark row f.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 2f, mark spot 5a.
3  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb.
1  [X][X][_][*][_][X][X]     R9. Capture 8a.
                             R10. Capture 7g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 5e, mark spot 5b.
                             R12. Bomb while running around top of puzzle.
                             R13. Capture 7b.
                             R14. Capture 8b.
                             R15. Capture 9a.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0012112                                             Rotations: 17/18
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
8  [_][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1g.
6  [X][X][X][_][*][X][X]     R4. Capture 1f.
5  [*][X][_][_][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 3c, bomb.
4  [_][_][*][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 3e.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 4c.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 5a, mark spot 2d.
1  [X][X][_][*][_][_][*]     R9. Wait.
                             R10. Capture 4d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb, capture 4e.
                             R12. Capture 5e.
                             R13. Capture 6e.
                             R14. Capture 5c.
                             R15. Capture 5d.
                             R16. Capture 6d.
                             R17. Bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0020001                                             Rotations: 12/13
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, mark front of row f.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 2f.
6  [X][X][X][X][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1g, bomb twice and move into center.
5  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 5e.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3f.
3  [_][*][_][*][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 2g.
2  [*][_][*][_][*][_][*]     R8. Wait.
1  [X][X][*][X][X][X][_]     R9. Capture 5a.
                             R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Mark spot 6g.
                             R12. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7g is protected.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0100012-2220021                                     Rotations: 15/16
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 3d.
8  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 1b.
6  [X][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2b.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
4  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 5a, mark spot 3d.
3  [_][*][_][_][X][X][X]     R7. Wait.
2  [*][*][*][X][X][*][_]     R8. Capture 5d.
1  [X][_][X][X][X][_][*]     R9. Capture 5c.
                             R10. Capture 5b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb, capture 6b.
                             R12. Capture 7g, bomb, mark spot 6e.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 9e.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0100012-2221012                                     Rotations: 19/20
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4e.
8  [_][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1b.
7  [_][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 2b, mark row d.
6  [X][X][X][_][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 2d, bomb, bomb, re-mark spot 2d.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][*][_][X][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 4d, mark spot 4e.
2  [*][*][*][_][X][_][*]     R8. Wait.
1  [X][_][X][X][X][_][*]     R9. Wait.
                             R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Capture 9e.
                             R13. Capture 1g, bomb.
                             R14. Capture 5d.
                             R15. Capture 6d.
                             R16. Bomb, mark spot 6g.
                             R17. Wait.
                             R18. Capture 8g.
                             R19. Bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0101020                                             Rotations: 15/16
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1d.
7  [X][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1f.
3  [_][X][_][*][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 3a, mark spot 6a.
2  [*][_][*][*][*][X][X]     R8. Wait.
1  [X][_][X][_][X][*][X]     R9. Bomb, capture 8a.
                             R10. Capture 5d, bomb, mark spot 5g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 7g, re-mark spot 7g.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 9g.
                             R15. Capture 9a.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0111012                                             Rotations: 14/18
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
8  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][*][*]     R4. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1g.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 2b.
3  [X][X][X][X][X][_][*]     R7. Wait.
2  [X][*][X][X][X][_][_]     R8. Bomb.
1  [X][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R9. Wait.
                             R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Run to end of puzzle.
                             R12. Capture 8b, bomb, run up into cleared space.
                             R13. Capture 5d.
                             R14. Capture 6d.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0111121-1121112                                     Rotations: 21/21
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c, bomb, bomb.
8  [_][_][X][*][X][X][*]     R2. Capture 5c.
7  [X][X][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 6c, mark spot 3d.
6  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [X][X][_][_][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 5d.
4  [*][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1f, bomb, mark spot 2e.
3  [_][*][_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
2  [_][_][*][_][_][_][*]     R8. Wait.
1  [X][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 5e, mark spot 4f.
                             R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 6f, mark spot 4g.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 6g.
                             R14. Capture 6d.
                             R15. Capture 6e, mark spot 6d.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Capture 8d.
                             R18. Capture 7f.
                             R19. Capture 7g, bomb.
                             R20. Capture 8g, mark spot 7f.
                             R21. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 8f is protected.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0111121-2121112                                     Rotations: 20/21
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
8  [_][_][X][*][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
7  [X][X][X][X][X][_][X]     R3. Capture 2c, bomb, mark spot 3c.
6  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R5. Capture 5c.
4  [_][_][X][X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 1f, mark spot 3d.
3  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
2  [*][_][*][_][_][_][*]     R8. Bomb, capture 5d, mark spot 3e.
1  [X][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R9. Wait.
                             R10. Capture 5e, mark spot 4f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 6f, mark spot 4g.
                             R13. Bomb.
                             R14. Capture 6g.
                             R15. Capture 6c.
                             R16. Capture 6d, re-mark spot 6d.
                             R17. Wait.
                             R18. Capture 8d.
                             R19. Capture 6e.
                             R20. Capture 7f, bomb.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0121121-1111211                                     Rotations: 14/15
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 5a, mark row a.
8  [_][*][_][X][_][_][X]     R2. Wait.
7  [_][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1f, bomb, bomb.
4  [X][_][_][*][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 3c.
3  [_][X][*][_][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 3a, mark spot 2g.
2  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R8. Bomb.
1  [X][_][*][_][_][*][_]     R9. Bomb, then capture 4g.
                             R10. Capture 7d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb, mark spot 7g.
                             R12. Bomb.
                             R13. Capture 9g, mark spot 7d.
                             R14. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 8d is protected.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0121121-1211111                                     Rotations: 19/20
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
8  [X][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 2d.
7  [_][_][_][X][*][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 5d.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][*][X]     R6. Capture 3a, bomb.
3  [_][X][X][X][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 1f, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 3g.
1  [X][_][*][_][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 3e, mark spot 2f.
                             R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb, then capture 4f.
                             R12. Capture 4e.
                             R13. Capture 5e.
                             R14. Capture 7c, mark spot 7a.
                             R15. Bomb.
                             R16. Capture 9a.
                             R17. Capture 8b, bomb, mark spot 7c.
                             R18. Wait.
                             R19. Capture 9c.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0121121-2111112                                     Rotations: 20/22
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
8  [X][X][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 2c.
7  [X][X][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [*][_][X][X][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 4c, bomb, mark spot 2d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 4d.
3  [*][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 5c.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 1f, bomb, bomb, mark spot 3g.
1  [X][_][*][_][_][*][_]     R9. Wait.
                             R10. Capture 5g, mark spot 3f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 5f, mark spot 2e.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 4e.
                             R15. Capture 5d, re-mark spot 5d.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Capture 7d.
                             R18. Capture 6f, bomb.
                             R19. Capture 7f.
                             R20. Capture 8f, bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0122111                                             Rotations: 22/24
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4e.
8  [_][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
7  [X][X][_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1g, bomb.
6  [X][X][X][_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 2g, bomb.
5  [*][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1f.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3g, mark spot 3d.
3  [_][*][_][_][X][X][*]     R7. Wait.
2  [X][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R8. Bomb.
1  [X][_][*][*][_][_][_]     R9. Wait.
                             R10. Capture 7d, mark spot 3d again.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Bomb.
                             R13. Capture 6d, mark spot 5c.
                             R14. Wait while running up right side.
                             R15. Capture 7c.
                             R16. Capture 5e.
                             R17. Capture 7f, mark spot 5e.
                             R18. Wait.
                             R19. Capture 7e, mark spot 7d.
                             R20. Wait.
                             R21. Capture 9d.
                             R22. Capture 8c, bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0122211                                             Rotations: 12/12
------------------                                                    Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 4f, bomb.
6  [X][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 4e, bomb.
5  [X][*][*][_][*][*][X]     R5. Capture 5f.
4  [X][X][X][X][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 5e, mark spot 3c.
3  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 5c.
1  [X][_][*][*][*][_][_]     R9. Bomb, capture 2g.
                             R10. Capture 3g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0200000                                             Rotations: 12/14
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 3d.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, mark row f.
7  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [*][*][_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2f, mark spot 4b.
5  [X][X][X][X][X][X][*]     R5. Bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 6b.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 5g, mark spot 3d.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][*][*]     R8. Wait.
1  [X][*][X][X][X][X][X]     R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 7d.
                             R12. Capture 8d.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0200100                                             Rotations: 11/12
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [X][X][X][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 3g.
8  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, mark row c.
7  [X][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [X][_][*][_][*][_][*]     R4. Capture 2c.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1e, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 2e, bomb, mark row f.
3  [*][*][*][*][X][_][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [X][X][_][X][_][_][X]     R8. Capture 2f, bomb.
1  [X][*][X][X][_][X][X]     R9. Capture 3f, bomb 3 times.
                             R10. Capture 4f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 9e, bomb, bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0201121                                             Rotations: 19/21
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][*][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
8  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
7  [X][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
6  [_][X][*][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 3e.
5  [_][X][_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Wait.
4  [*][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 5e.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 4f.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 4g.
1  [X][*][X][_][_][*][_]     R9. Bomb, bomb, then capture 5g.
                             R10. Capture 5f, run back around puzzle.
                             R11. Capture 5c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R12. Capture 5d.
                             R13. Capture 6d, bomb.
                             R14. Bomb, then capture 6c.
                             R15. Capture 5a.
                             R16. Capture 6a.
                             R17. Capture 7d, mark spot 5e.
                             R18. Bomb.
                             R19. Capture 7e.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 0202011                                             Rotations: 17/18
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3g.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Bomb, then capture 1d.
7  [X][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 1b.
6  [_][X][X][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 1g.
5  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1f, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 5a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 6a, bomb.
2  [_][_][*][X][X][X][X]     R8. Capture 6f.
1  [X][*][X][*][X][_][_]     R9. Capture 6d, mark spot 6a.
                             R10. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7a is protected.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Clear mark, mark spot 5e.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 7e.
                             R14. Capture 6g.
                             R15. Capture 7d.
                             R16. Capture 8d.
                             R17. Capture 9d.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1000111                                             Rotations: 16
------------------

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2.
7  [_][*][_][X][_][_][*]     R3.
6  [_][X][_][_][X][*][X]     R4.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R5.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6.
3  [*][*][_][*][_][_][_]     R7.
2  [X][X][*][X][X][X][*]     R8.
1  [_][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R9.

    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1000122                                             Rotations: 16/21
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d, mark row c.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
6  [*][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
5  [X][X][_][_][X][*][*]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2a.
4  [_][_][X][_][X][X][*]     R6. Capture 1f, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 3c.
2  [*][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 3e.
1  [_][X][X][X][_][*][*]     R9. Capture 4d.
                             R10. Capture 5d, mark spot 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Capture 5c.
                             R13. Capture 3g
                             R14. Bomb, then capture 4g.
                             R15. Capture 9d.
                             R16. Bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1001002                                             Rotations: 17/20
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][X][_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
8  [_][_][X][*][X][X][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
7  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, mark row f.
6  [*][_][X][_][X][_][*]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2d.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 3d.
2  [*][X][X][_][X][*][X]     R8. Capture 1a.
1  [_][X][X][_][X][X][*]     R9. Capture 2a.
                             R10. Capture 4d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 5d, bomb.
                             R12. Bomb, then capture 6a.
                             R13. Bomb, capture 6d, re-mark spot 6d.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 8d.
                             R16. Capture 9a.
                             R17. Bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1001010                                             Rotations: 16/18
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][X][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
8  [_][_][_][_][*][X][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
6  [*][_][X][*][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 2d, bomb, mark row g.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R6. Wait.
3  [*][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 2g.
2  [*][X][X][_][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 3d, bomb.
1  [_][X][X][_][X][_][X]     R9. Capture 4d.
                             R10. Capture 5d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 9a.
                             R12. Capture 6d.
                             R13. Capture 1f, mark row e.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 2e, bomb, mark spot 7f.
                             R16. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 8f is
                                  protected.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1001012                                             Rotations: 16/19
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][*][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
8  [_][_][_][*][X][X][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
7  [*][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
6  [_][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][X][_][X][*][_]     R5. Capture 3d.
4  [_][_][X][_][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 4d, bomb.
3  [*][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 5d.
2  [*][X][X][_][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 1a.
1  [_][X][X][_][X][_][*]     R9. Capture 2a.
                             R10. Capture 4g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 8g, bomb, run back to center.
                             R12. Capture 6d, bomb, run to left side.
                             R13. Capture 6a, bomb.
                             R14. Bomb twice, then capture 7a.
                             R15. Capture 6b.
                             R16. Capture 7b, bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1002101                                             Rotations: 12/12
------------------                                                    Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
7  [_][_][*][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1g, bomb.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 2b, bomb.
3  [*][*][*][_][*][*][*]     R7. Bomb.
2  [X][_][X][X][X][X][_]     R8. Capture 6e.
1  [_][X][X][*][_][X][_]     R9. Capture 6c.
                             R10. Capture 7c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb, then capture 7e.
                             R12. Bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1010101                                             Rotations: 19/20
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1g.
5  [_][_][_][_][*][*][*]     R5. Capture 2g, bomb.
4  [_][_][*][*][*][X][*]     R6. Capture 3g.
3  [*][*][*][X][*][X][*]     R7. Capture 1e.
2  [*][X][*][_][_][X][_]     R8. Capture 2e.
1  [_][X][_][X][_][X][_]     R9. Capture 1c, bomb.
                             R10. Capture 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 2c.
                             R12. Capture 4e.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Bomb, then capture 4g.
                             R15. Capture 3c.
                             R16. Capture 9a.
                             R17. Capture 9b, bomb.
                             R18. Capture 9c.
                             R19. Capture 9d.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1010121                                             Rotations: 19/20
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
6  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3d.
5  [_][_][X][X][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 4d.
4  [*][X][*][*][*][X][_]     R6. Capture 3c.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 1a.
2  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 1f, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][X][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 3e.
                             R10. Capture 4e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 1a.
                             R12. Capture 2a.
                             R13. Capture 3a, bomb, bomb.
                             R14. Capture 4c.
                             R15. Capture 4a.
                             R16. Capture 3g.
                             R17. Capture 4g, bomb.
                             R18. Capture 5g.
                             R19. Capture 9d, bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1011001                                             Rotations: 20/19
------------------                                        Got any better ideas?

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3f, mark front of row e.
8  [_][_][_][*][X][X][X]     R2. Wait.
7  [_][_][*][X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 3e.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
4  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
3  [X][*][*][*][*][*][_]     R7. Capture 3d.
2  [_][X][X][X][X][X][*]     R8. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][_][X][X][_]     R9. Capture 2a, bomb, re-mark spot 2a.
                             R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 5a.
                             R13. Capture 1g.
                             R14. Bomb, then capture 2g.
                             R15. Capture 1c.
                             R16. Bomb, run up right side and mark spot 7g.
                             R17. Wait.
                             R18. Capture 9g, mark spot 7f.
                             R19. Wait.
                             R20. Capture 9f.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1011012                                             Rotations: 19/20
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][*][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
6  [_][*][X][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][X][*][*][*][_]     R5. Capture 2d.
4  [_][_][X][X][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 3e, re-mark spot 3e.
3  [*][_][X][_][_][X][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 5e.
1  [_][X][_][_][X][_][*]     R9. Capture 1a, bomb.
                             R10. Capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 3a.
                             R12. Capture 3d, bomb, bomb.
                             R13. Capture 6b.
                             R14. Capture 6a.
                             R15. Capture 2c, bomb.
                             R16. Capture 3g.
                             R17. Capture 4g.
                             R18. Capture 5g.
                             R19. Capture 6g.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1011102                                             Rotations: 16/17
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [*][*][*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1g.
8  [_][X][X][*][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb, mark front of row b.
6  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R4. Wait while running up right side of puzzle.
5  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 2b, mark spot 5e.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
3  [*][X][X][_][*][_][_]     R7. Capture 7e.
2  [_][_][_][X][X][*][_]     R8. Capture 6g, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][_][_][X][*]     R9. Capture 7g.
                             R10. Capture 8g, then bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 6f, bomb.
                             R12. Bomb, then capture 3a.
                             R13. Capture 1c.
                             R14. Capture 1d, bomb.
                             R15. Capture 1e, bomb.
                             R16. Capture 8a.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1011121                                             Rotations: 17/19
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2b.
8  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3g.
6  [_][_][*][*][*][*][_]     R4. Capture 4g.
5  [_][_][X][X][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 5g, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [*][X][_][_][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [_][X][_][_][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 2a.
                             R10. Bomb, bomb, then capture 3a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 2c.
                             R12. Capture 3c, bomb.
                             R13. Capture 2d.
                             R14. Capture 3d.
                             R15. Capture 3e.
                             R16. Capture 4d.
                             R17. Capture 9f, bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1012001                                             Rotations: 13/15
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][X][_][_][*][_][X]     R1. Capture 3a.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1g, bomb, bomb.
4  [X][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 2g, re-mark spot 2g.
3  [_][_][*][_][*][_][X]     R7. Wait.
2  [X][*][*][*][*][*][_]     R8. Capture 4g, mark spot 3a.
1  [_][X][_][*][X][X][_]     R9. Wait.
                             R10. Bomb, then capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 9e, bomb.
                             R12. Capture 9a.
                             R13. Capture 9c.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1012101                                             Rotations: 15/15
------------------                                                    Brilliant

9  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][X][_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1g.
5  [*][_][X][_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 2g.
4  [_][_][X][*][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 3d.
3  [_][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 6a, bomb.
2  [*][X][_][_][_][X][*]     R8. Capture 7a.
1  [_][X][_][*][_][X][_]     R9. Capture 6b.
                             R10. Run back up centre of puzzle.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb, then capture 4d.
                             R12. Capture 6f.
                             R13. Capture 6g.
                             R14. Capture 7g, bomb.
                             R15. Capture 5d.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1012102                                             Rotations: 14/16
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 3b.
8  [X][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R3. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R5. Bomb, capture 3e.
4  [_][X][*][*][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 3c.
3  [*][_][*][X][*][_][_]     R7. Mark spot 1a.
2  [X][X][_][*][_][*][*]     R8. Wait.
1  [_][X][_][*][_][X][*]     R9. Bomb, then capture 3a.
                             R10. Capture 1g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 4a.
                             R12. Bomb, mark spot 7a.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 9a.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1020112                                             Rotations: 20/20
------------------                                                    Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
8  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 1c.
6  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 3g.
5  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4g.
4  [*][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 1e, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 1a.
2  [*][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 2a.
1  [_][X][*][X][_][_][*]     R9. Bomb, mark spot 3e.
                             R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 5e, mark spot 5d.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 7d.
                             R14. Capture 7g, mark spot 5e.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 7e, bomb.
                             R17. Capture 8d.
                             R18. Capture 9d, mark spot 7e.
                             R19. Wait.
                             R20. Capture 9e.

------------------------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1100000-2200020-1110020-1110211                     Rotations: 12/14
------------------------------------------                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 3f.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [*][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2a, bomb, mark front of row f.
6  [X][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2f.
4  [_][_][_][X][*][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][*][X]     R7. Mark spot 5a.
2  [*][*][X][X][X][*][X]     R8. Wait.
1  [_][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R9. Capture 7a.
                             R10. Bomb, capture 8d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Bomb.

------------------------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1100000-2200020-1110020-1112211                     Rotations: 12/13
------------------------------------------                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 3f.
8  [*][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
7  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 2b, mark front of row f.
6  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2f, mark spot 5a.
4  [_][_][_][*][*][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][*][X]     R7. Wait.
2  [*][*][X][X][X][*][X]     R8. Bomb, then capture 8a.
1  [_][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R9. Capture 1a, bomb.
                             R10. Capture 2a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Capture 8c.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1101022                                             Rotations: 15/16
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
7  [*][_][X][X][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1d.
4  [_][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 2a.
3  [_][X][_][X][*][_][_]     R7. Capture 3c.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 3a, mark spot 3c.
1  [_][_][X][_][X][*][*]     R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Capture 5c, mark spot 6d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 8d.
                             R13. Capture 5g.
                             R14. Capture 7a, bomb.
                             R15. Bomb, bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1101102                                             Rotations: 15/18
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1g.
8  [*][_][*][_][_][*][X]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [X][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.</pre><pre id="faqspan-38">6  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, capture 1d, mark spot 1a.
5  [_][_][*][X][*][_][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 3a.
3  [*][*][_][_][_][*][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 1e, mark row c.
2  [X][X][_][_][_][X][X]     R8. Wait.
1  [_][_][X][_][_][X][*]     R9. Bomb, capture 2c.
                             R10. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb, capture 2e.
                             R12. Capture 3c.
                             R13. Bomb, capture 3d.
                             R14. Capture 3e.
                             R15. Capture 4d.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1101212                                             Rotations: 21/22
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 5c.
8  [*][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
7  [_][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][X][X][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 2a.
5  [_][_][_][_][*][X][*]     R5. Capture 3a, mark row c.
4  [_][_][X][X][X][X][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [*][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 2c, bomb.
2  [_][X][_][_][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 7a.
1  [_][_][X][_][*][_][*]     R9. Capture 8a, mark spot 5c.
                             R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Capture 7c.
                             R13. Capture 1g.
                             R14. Capture 3c, bomb, mark spot 3e.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 5e, mark spot 3d.
                             R17. Wait.
                             R18. Capture 5d.
                             R19. Capture 4g, bomb.
                             R20. Wait.
                             R21. Bomb, then capture 5g.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1112112-1010012                                     Rotations: 16/20
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1g, bomb.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
7  [_][*][X][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 2c.
6  [X][_][_][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 3c.
5  [X][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 1a.
4  [X][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 2a, bomb.
3  [X][_][*][*][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 1b, re-mark spot 1b.
2  [_][X][_][X][X][_][*]     R8. Bomb.
1  [_][_][_][*][_][_][*]     R9. Capture 3b.
                             R10. Bomb, then capture 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 1e.
                             R12. Capture 3g, re-mark spot 3g.
                             R13. Bomb, run into center of puzzle.
                             R14. Capture 5g, bomb.
                             R15. Capture 7b, mark spot 6c.
                             R16. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7c is protected.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1112112-2021211                                     Rotations: 14/16
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
7  [X][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3g.
5  [_][*][_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1a.
3  [X][X][X][X][X][X][*]     R7. Capture 2a, mark spot 2f.
2  [*][X][*][_][*][_][_]     R8. Wait.
1  [_][_][_][*][_][_][*]     R9. Wait.
                             R10. Capture 5f, bomb, bomb, mark spot 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 8a.
                             R13. Capture 7b.
                             R14. Capture 9a.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1121011                                             Rotations: 23/24
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
8  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
7  [_][_][_][X][X][X][*]     R3. Capture 1g.
6  [X][X][_][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 2g, mark spot 3b.
5  [X][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [X][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 5b, bomb, mark spot 3c.
3  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][*][_][_][X][X][*]     R8. Capture 5c, mark spot 2d.
1  [_][_][*][_][X][_][_]     R9. Wait.
                             R10. Capture 4d, mark row 3.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Wait, while running up right side.
                             R13. Capture 3e.
                             R14. Capture 6g.
                             R15. Capture 7g.
                             R16. Capture 4e.
                             R17. Capture 5d, bomb.
                             R18. Capture 6d, mark spot 4e.
                             R19. Wait.
                             R20. Capture 6e, re-mark spot 6e.
                             R21. Wait.
                             R22. Capture 8e.
                             R23. Capture 6c, bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1121012                                             Rotations: 16/18
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
7  [X][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 3c.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][X][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [X][X][*][X][*][_][_]     R7. Capture 1g.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Bomb, capture 4c.
1  [_][_][*][_][X][_][*]     R9. Bomb, bomb, then capture 2a.
                             R10. Capture 4g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb, capture 5g, mark spot 3f.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 5f, mark spot 3e.
                             R14. Bomb.
                             R15. Capture 5e.
                             R16. Capture 6e.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1121102                                             Rotations: 17/19
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 5d.
8  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
7  [*][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1g.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 4a.
4  [_][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 6d.
3  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 7d, bomb while running back up to
2  [_][*][_][_][X][_][*]         right side of puzzle.
1  [_][_][*][_][_][X][*]     R8. Mark spot 1e.
                             R9. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R10. Capture 3e, mark spot 5g.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 7g, mark spot 4e.
                             R13. Bomb while running down left side.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 7e, re-mark spot 7e.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Capture 9e.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1121112                                             Rotations: 11/13
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [X][_][_][_][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 4e.
8  [X][_][_][*][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1c.
7  [X][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1g, bomb.
6  [_][_][*][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2g.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][*][_][_][X][X][X]     R7. Bomb, then capture 4g, mark spot 1a.
2  [X][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R8. Bomb 4 times, run to end and up right side.
1  [_][_][*][_][_][_][*]     R9. Capture 3a.
                             R10. Capture 5e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 6e.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1121120                                             Rotations: 18/21
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [X][X][X][X][X][_][*]     R1. Capture 2g.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
7  [_][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1e.
6  [_][*][*][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1a.
5  [*][X][_][X][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb, mark spot 2d.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [*][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 4d.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][X][_]     R8. Capture 3a, bomb.
1  [_][_][*][_][_][*][X]     R9. Capture 5a, mark spot 3c.
                             R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 5c, bomb, mark spot 1e.
                             R12. Bomb.
                             R13. Bomb.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 6e, re-mark spot 6e.
                             R17. Wait.
                             R18. Capture 8e.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1121121                                             Rotations: 20/21
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a, bomb.
8  [X][*][X][X][X][_][X]     R2. Capture 1f.
7  [_][_][_][_][X][_][X]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 3f.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][*][X]     R4. Wait.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 5f, mark spot 3g.
4  [_][X][*][_][X][X][X]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5g, mark spot 3e.
2  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Wait.
1  [_][_][*][_][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 3e.
                             R10. Capture 4a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 5a, mark spot 3c.
                             R12. Bomb.
                             R13. Capture 4c, mark spot 2d.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Bomb, capture 4d while running around to 5f.
                             R16. Capture 6f.
                             R17. Capture 6e.
                             R18. Capture 8b.
                             R19. Capture 7f.
                             R20. Capture 8f, bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1121211                                             Rotations: 19/20
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
8  [X][X][X][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1g.
6  [_][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 1g.
4  [_][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [*][X][X][X][X][X][_]     R7. Capture 3g.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][*][X]     R8. Bomb, then capture 3a, mark spot 2c.
1  [_][_][*][_][*][_][_]     R9. Wait.
                             R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 7c.
                             R14. Bomb, capture 7b.
                             R15. Capture 7a, run over to right side.
                             R16. Capture 7g.
                             R17. Wait.
                             R18. Wait.
                             R19. Bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1202101                                             Rotations: 17/18
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R1. Capture 2f.
8  [_][_][_][X][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1b.
7  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
6  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 2e.
5  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1g, re-mark spot 1g.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][*][*][X]     R8. Capture 3g, bomb.
1  [_][*][X][*][_][X][_]     R9. Capture 1a.
                             R10. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 6a, mark spot 7d.
                             R12. Bomb.
                             R13. Bomb, capture 9d.
                             R14. Capture 7g.
                             R15. Capture 8g.
                             R16. Capture 9g.
                             R17. Capture 8e, bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1210000                                             Rotations: 13/14
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [X][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb, mark front of row e.
8  [X][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Wait.
7  [_][X][X][X][X][X][*]     R3. Capture 2e.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3c, bomb, mark spot 4d.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 6d, mark spot 6e.
3  [X][X][_][_][_][_][X]     R7. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_][*][_][X]     R8. Capture 8e.
1  [_][*][_][X][X][X][X]     R9. Bomb twice, then capture 7g.
                             R10. Capture 7a, mark spot 6b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb, run around line of Forbidden Qubes.
                             R12. Capture 8b.
                             R13. Capture 9b.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1210001                                             Rotations: 17/18
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 7e (deep in puzzle), mark row e.
8  [_][_][X][*][_][*][X]     R2. Wait.
7  [*][X][_][X][*][X][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2e.
6  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1g.
5  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2g, bomb.
4  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][*][_][*][X]     R7. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
2  [*][_][_][X][*][X][_]     R8. Capture 4a.
1  [_][*][_][X][X][X][_]     R9. Capture 5a.
                             R10. Capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 7a.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Bomb.
                             R14. Run across back and up gap in row e.
                             R15. Keep running.
                             R16. Capture 7c.
                             R17. Capture 7g.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1210011                                             Rotations: 15/19
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 5d.
8  [_][_][X][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1b.
7  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1g, bomb.
6  [*][X][_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 2g, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4f, bomb.
4  [_][X][X][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 6f, bomb, bomb, mark spot 3c.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][X][_][*]     R8. Wait.
1  [_][*][_][X][X][_][_]     R9. Capture 6c.
                             R10. Capture 4a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 5a.
                             R12. Capture 6a, mark spot 3b.
                             R13. Wait while running down right side.
                             R14. Capture 5b, bomb.
                             R15. Capture 7c.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1210012                                             Rotations: 18/19
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2e.
8  [_][_][X][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1b.
7  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1g, bomb.
6  [*][X][_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 3e.
5  [_][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 4e.
4  [_][X][X][X][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 5e, mark spot 2f.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][X][_]     R7. Bomb twice while running around to left side.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 4f.
1  [_][*][_][X][X][_][*]     R9. Capture 4a.
                             R10. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 6a, mark spot 3b.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 5b, bomb, mark spot 3c.
                             R14. Wait while running back up right side.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 6c.
                             R17. Capture 3g.
                             R18. Capture 7c.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1210020                                             Rotations: 21/22
------------------                                                True Genius!!
                                                               (if you're fast)
9  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 4b.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb, mark front of row e.
7  [_][_][X][X][X][X][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [X][X][*][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2e.
5  [X][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 3c.
3  [_][X][_][X][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 1f, mark spot 3c.
2  [_][_][_][X][*][_][X]     R8. Wait.
1  [_][*][_][X][X][*][X]     R9. Capture 5c.
                             R10. Capture 2f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb, bomb, capture 4a.
                             R12. Capture 5b.
                             R13. Capture 6c, mark spot 4a.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 7a, bomb, mark spot 5b.
                             R17. Wait while moving to right side.
                             R18. Capture 7b.
                             R19. Capture 7g, run across back to left side.
                             R20. Capture 8a.
                             R21. Capture 9a.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1210112                                             Rotations: 13/15
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][*][X][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb.
6  [X][X][_][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 1g, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 1g.
3  [_][*][_][*][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 1e.
2  [X][X][*][X][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 6c, bomb, mark spot 5b.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][_][*]     R9. Wait.
                             R10. Bomb, then capture 7b, mark spot 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Bomb, capture 7a.
                             R13. Capture 6d.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1210121-1110112                                     Rotations: 18/19
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!
                                                               (if you're fast)
9  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
8  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
7  [_][*][_][_][X][_][X]     R3. Capture 3e.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 4e.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 2c.
4  [*][X][_][*][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][X][X][_][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 4c.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R8. Bomb, then capture 4d.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 7f.
                             R10. Capture 5e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 3a.
                             R12. Capture 4a.
                             R13. Mark spot 4d.
                             R14. Bomb, bomb, run back up left side of puzzle.
                             R15. Capture 6d.
                             R16. Capture 7d.
                             R17. Capture 8d.
                             R18. Capture 9b.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1210121-1110121                                     Rotations: 18/18
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
8  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
7  [_][*][_][_][X][_][X]     R3. Capture 3e.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 4d.
5  [_][_][X][*][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 2c.
4  [*][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][X][X][_][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 4c.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 5d.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 7f, mark spot 5d.
                             R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 7d.
                             R12. Capture 3a.
                             R13. Bomb, then capture 4a.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Bomb, bomb.
                             R16. Capture 8d.
                             R17. Capture 9a.
                             R18. Capture 9b.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1210121-1210111                                     Rotations: 16/17
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
8  [X][X][X][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
5  [*][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 3e, mark spot 2f.
4  [_][_][_][*][_][*][X]     R6. Bomb.
3  [_][X][X][_][_][X][X]     R7. Bomb, capture 4f.
2  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 4e.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][*][_]     R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Bomb, capture 4d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 7c.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Mark spot 7a.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 9a.
                             R16. Bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1210122                                             Rotations: 14/16
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
8  [_][_][_][*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
5  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2f.
4  [*][*][*][X][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 3a, bomb, mark spot 2b.
3  [_][X][X][X][*][*][*]     R7. Wait.
2  [*][*][*][*][X][_][X]     R8. Capture 4b, mark row d.
1  [_][*][_][X][_][*][*]     R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 8g.
                             R12. Capture 9g.
                             R13. Capture 9f.
                             R14. Bomb, capture 9e.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1211012-1110121                                     Rotations: 19/21
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [X][_][X][X][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
8  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 2a.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][*][*]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 4a.
4  [*][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3b, bomb, mark spot 4g.
3  [X][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 6g, mark spot 4d.
1  [_][*][_][_][X][_][*]     R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 7d.
                             R12. Capture 1d.
                             R13. Capture 3c.
                             R14. Capture 8a.
                             R15. Capture 8c, mark spot 7b.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Capture 9b.
                             R18. Capture 8d.
                             R19. Capture 9g.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1211012-2110112                                     Rotations: 17/18
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][*][_][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
8  [X][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb, mark front of row e.
7  [_][_][*][X][X][X][*]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2e.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 1b, bomb.
3  [X][X][_][X][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 3c.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 4c.
1  [_][*][_][_][X][_][*]     R9. Capture 5c, bomb, re-mark spot 5c.
                             R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 7c, mark spot 4d.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 6d.
                             R14. Bomb, capture 7a.
                             R15. Bomb, bomb, capture 7b.
                             R16. Capture 7g, mark spot 6f.
                             R17. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7f is protected.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1211012-2111011                                     Rotations: 17/17
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
8  [*][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
7  [_][X][X][X][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 2d.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1g.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 3d, bomb.
4  [_][*][_][X][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 4g, bomb.
3  [X][X][X][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 5g.
2  [*][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 6g, bomb, bomb, mark spot 3d.
1  [_][*][_][_][X][_][*]     R9. Wait.
                             R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 6d.
                             R12. Capture 9g, bomb.
                             R13. Capture 7a.
                             R14. Capture 8a, mark spot 6d.
                             R15. Bomb.
                             R16. Bomb, capture 8d.
                             R17. Capture 9e.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1211022-1110001                                     Rotations: 16/18
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 5d.
8  [_][*][X][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1f, mark front of row g.
7  [_][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][X][X][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 2g (yes, you skipped over 1g for now).
5  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, bomb, then capture 1b.
4  [_][X][_][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 1d, bomb.
3  [*][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 4c.
2  [_][_][_][X][X][X][_]     R8. Capture 1g.
1  [_][*][_][_][X][*][*]     R9. Capture 4a.
                             R10. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 6a, bomb.
                             R12. Capture 5c.
                             R13. Capture 6e, bomb.
                             R14. Capture 7e, bomb, mark spot 5g.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 7g.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1211022-1110111                                     Rotations: 18/21
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [X][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 5d.
8  [_][_][X][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
7  [_][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1g, bomb, bomb.
5  [*][X][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 3a.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 4a.
3  [_][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5a, mark spot 2b.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Wait.
1  [_][*][_][_][X][*][*]     R9. Bomb, capture 4b, mark spot 2c.
                             R10. Wait while running to right side.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 4c, mark spot 5g.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 7g, mark spot 4e.
                             R14. Wait while running back to left side.
                             R15. Wait, keep running.
                             R16. Capture 7e, bomb.
                             R17. Capture 5c.
                             R18. Capture 9b.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1211121-2110112                                     Rotations: 14/15
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
7  [_][X][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f, bomb, bomb.
6  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
5  [_][X][X][X][X][X][X]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][*][X]     R6. Capture 3d.
3  [_][_][X][*][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 4f.
2  [*][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 5a.
1  [_][*][_][_][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 6a.
                             R10. Capture 7a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 8a, bomb.
                             R12. Capture 9a, bomb.
                             R13. Capture 9c.
                             R14. Capture 9g.

----------------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1211121-2111010-0000111                             Rotations: 17/18
----------------------------------                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
8  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
6  [*][_][X][X][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1e.
3  [X][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 1g.
2  [*][_][_][_][X][_][X]     R8. Capture 2f, bomb.
1  [_][*][_][_][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 6f.
                             R10. Bomb, then capture 6g, mark spot 5e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Bomb, then capture 7e.
                             R13. Capture 8e and run down left side from back.
                             R14. Capture 5c, re-mark spot 5c.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 7c.
                             R17. Capture 8c.

----------------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1211121-2111010-0001211                             Rotations: 15/17
----------------------------------                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1f.
8  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
6  [*][_][_][X][_][*][*]     R4. Capture 2f, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1b, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d.
3  [X][X][X][_][*][_][_]     R7. Capture 2d.
2  [*][_][_][_][X][_][X]     R8. Bomb, then capture 6g.
1  [_][*][_][_][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 6f, mark spot 2c.
                             R10. Bomb and run around puzzle to inner left.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait and keep running.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 7c.
                             R14. Capture 8c.
                             R15. Capture 9c.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1211211                                             Rotations: 15/16
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 4d.
8  [_][*][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
7  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1g.
6  [X][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2g.
5  [X][X][*][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1b, bomb, mark spot 2c.
4  [X][X][X][_][*][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [X][X][X][X][X][X][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 5c.
1  [_][*][_][_][*][_][_]     R9. Capture 3g, mark spot 2c.
                             R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Bomb.
                             R13. Bomb.
                             R14. Capture 7c.
                             R15. Capture 7g.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1221000                                             Rotations: 19/20
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][X][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 1c, bomb, mark row f.
8  [X][X][_][*][*][_][_]     R2. Bomb.
7  [_][_][X][X][X][X][_]     R3. Capture 2f, mark spot 2d.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb.
5  [*][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 4d.
4  [X][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 5d.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 6d, re-mark spot 6d.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][*][*]     R8. Wait while running back around to row a.
1  [_][*][*][_][X][X][X]     R9. Capture 8d, mark spot 3a.
                             R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb, then capture 5a.
                             R12. Capture 4b, bomb, mark spot 3c.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 6c, mark spot 7a.
                             R16. Wait while running to right side of puzzle.
                             R17. Capture 9a.
                             R18. Capture 7g.
                             R19. Capture 8g.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1221012                                             Rotations: 15/?
------------------

9  [X][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4b.
8  [X][_][*][*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb.
7  [_][X][X][X][X][X][*]     R3. Capture 3c, mark spot 6c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 8c.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 7a, bomb.
3  [X][X][_][X][X][X][X]     R7. Capture 1g, bomb, mark front of row e.
2  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R8. Bomb.
1  [_][*][*][_][X][_][*]     R9. Capture 2e, mark spot 2d.
                             R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 4d, re-mark spot 4d.
                             R12. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5d is protected.
                             R13. Bomb, clear mark.
                             R14. Capture 7g, mark spot 6f.
                             R15. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7f is protected.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1221112                                             Rotations: 16/16
------------------                                                    Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4b.
8  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
7  [_][*][X][X][X][X][*]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb twice.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3c.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1e.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 2e, mark spot 2d.
3  [X][X][_][X][X][X][X]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R8. Capture 4d, re-mark spot 4d.
1  [_][*][*][_][_][_][*]     R9. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5d is protected.
                             R10. Bomb, clear mark.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 7b.
                             R12. Capture 7g, mark spot 6d.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Bomb.
                             R15. Capture 9d, bomb.
                             R16. Capture 7a.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 1221211                                             Rotations: 18/19
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [X][X][X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
8  [_][_][X][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 3a, mark spot 2d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 4d.
5  [_][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1g.
4  [_][X][X][_][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 1g.
3  [*][X][X][X][X][X][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][*][X]     R8. Capture 3g.
1  [_][*][*][_][*][_][_]     R9. Capture 4a, bomb.
                             R10. Capture 5a, mark spot 2c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Bomb.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 7c and run through gap.
                             R16. Capture 7g.
                             R17. Capture 8f, mark spot 7g.
                             R18. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 8g is protected.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2000000                                             Rotations: 14/18
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 3e.
8  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark row d.
7  [*][*][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [X][X][X][_][*][*][*]     R4. Capture 2d, bomb, bomb, mark spot 5a.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][X][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [*][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 7a.
3  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, capture 5c, run and mark row g.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R8. Wait.
1  [*][X][X][X][X][X][X]     R9. Capture 1g.
                             R10. Bomb, capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 4e, mark spot 5c.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Bomb, capture 7c.
                             R14. Bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2000001                                             Rotations: 16/?
------------------

9  [_][*][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
8  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
7  [X][X][_][X][X][_][X]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2g, mark front of row c.
6  [*][_][_][X][X][_][*]     R4. Bomb.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][X]     R5. Bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 3c
3  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 6a.
2  [_][_][X][X][_][*][*]     R8. Capture 6b.
1  [*][X][X][X][X][X][_]     R9. Capture 6c.
                             R10. Capture 7c, bomb twice, run to right side of
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g           puzzle and mark spot 4g.
                             R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 6g.
                             R13. Capture 5f.
                             R14. Capture 5e.
                             R15. Capture 6f, bomb.
                             R16. Capture 7f.

----------------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2000012-1201011-1112100                             Rotations: 16/17
----------------------------------                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][*][*][*][*][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
8  [_][X][X][X][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [*][_][X][_][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 1g, bomb, mark spot 2g.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][*][_][_][X][X]     R6. Bomb, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][X][X]     R7. Bomb.
2  [_][*][X][_][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 6g.
1  [*][X][X][X][X][_][*]     R9. Capture 6a, bomb, mark spot 5c.
                             R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 7c, re-mark spot 7c.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 9c.
                             R14. Capture 6d, bomb.
                             R15. Capture 8a, bomb.
                             R16. Capture 9a, bomb 3 times.

----------------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2000012-1201011-1112101                             Rotations: 16/16
----------------------------------                                    Brilliant

9  [_][_][*][*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 2d.
8  [X][X][X][X][X][_][*]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
7  [*][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a.
6  [*][_][X][_][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 3g.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 4g, bomb.
4  [_][_][*][_][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 5g, re-mark spot 5g.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][X][_]     R7. Bomb twice while running back to left side.
2  [_][*][X][_][X][_][_]     R8. Bomb.
1  [*][X][X][X][X][_][*]     R9. Capture 8g, bomb.
                             R10. Capture 6d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 6e, bomb.
                             R12. Capture 5a, bomb.
                             R13. Bomb, then capture 6a, bomb again.
                             R14. Capture 7e, mark spot 5c.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 7c, bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2000022                                             Rotations: 15/16
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [*][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 1g, bomb.
8  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 3f.
7  [_][_][_][*][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Mark front of row e.
5  [_][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 2e.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 5a.
2  [_][*][_][X][*][_][_]     R8. Capture 6a.
1  [*][X][X][X][X][*][*]     R9. Bomb, then capture 5b.
                             R10. Capture 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 6b.
                             R12. Bomb, then capture 7d, mark spot 6g.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 8g, mark spot 7d.
                             R15. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 8d is
                                  protected.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2000110                                             Rotations: 18/20
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2g.
8  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
7  [*][*][_][X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a, mark row d.
6  [*][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
5  [*][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 2d, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 1e, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 5a, bomb, bomb, mark spot 2d.
2  [_][*][_][_][X][_][*]     R8. Wait.
1  [*][X][X][X][_][_][X]     R9. Capture 4d.
                             R10. Capture 5c, bomb, re-mark spot 5c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 7c.
                             R13. Capture 8c, mark spot 4d.
                             R14. Wait while running around to other side.
                             R15. Capture 6d.
                             R16. Capture 8e, mark spot 6d.
                             R17. Wait.
                             R18. Capture 8d.

----------------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2000112-1111011-1110021                             Rotations: 17/18
----------------------------------                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
8  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][X][_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1g.
6  [_][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1e, bomb, mark row c.
5  [*][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][*][*][_][_]     R6. Capture 2c, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][*][_]     R7. Capture 7g, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 8g.
1  [*][X][X][X][_][_][*]     R9. Capture 9g, mark spot 6f.
                             R10. Wait while running back to left side.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 8f.
                             R12. Bomb, then capture 5a.
                             R13. Capture 3c.
                             R14. Bomb.
                             R15. Capture 7d.
                             R16. Capture 7e.
                             R17. Capture 8e, bomb.

----------------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2000112-1111011-1110121                             Rotations: 14/15
----------------------------------                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
8  [*][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark row d.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [*][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 2d, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1g, mark row c.
4  [_][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 2c, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 3c.
1  [*][X][X][X][_][_][*]     R9. Bomb, capture 1e, mark spot 4d.
                             R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 6d, mark spot 5g and start running
                                  back down and up left side of puzzle.
                             R12. Capture 6g, bomb, mark spot 6d.
                             R13. Bomb.
                             R14. Capture 8d.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2000112-1211011                                     Rotations: 15/16
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
8  [*][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
6  [_][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1g, bomb
5  [_][*][_][_][*][*][_]     R5. Capture 3g, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 4g, mark row d.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R7. Bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 2d.
1  [*][X][X][X][_][_][*]     R9. Capture 3d, bomb, bomb.
                             R10. Capture 5b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 5c, mark spot 3e.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 5e.
                             R14. Capture 5a, bomb, bomb.
                             R15. Capture 6a.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2000112-1211002                                     Rotations: 17/20
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 4d.
8  [*][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a.
6  [*][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1e.
5  [*][X][_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1f, bomb, mark row d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 2d.
2  [_][*][_][_][X][X][*]     R8. Capture 2g.
1  [*][X][X][X][_][_][*]     R9. Capture 5a.
                             R10. Capture 5c, mark spot 4d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Capture 6d, mark spot 5c.
                             R13. Bomb.
                             R14. Capture 7c.
                             R15. Capture 7d.
                             R16. Capture 8d.
                             R17. Capture 8e.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2000210                                             Rotations: 12/13
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 1e.
8  [_][_][_][*][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a, mark row g.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R3. Wait.
6  [*][*][X][X][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 2g, bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][*][*]     R5. Capture 1f, bomb, mark row d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb.
3  [_][*][_][_][_][*][*]     R7. Capture 2d.
2  [*][*][_][_][X][X][_]     R8. Capture 6a, bomb, mark spot 5d.
1  [*][X][X][X][*][_][X]     R9. Wait.
                             R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 8d.
                             R12. Bomb.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2001002-2101111                                     Rotations: 15/18
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [*][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
8  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][X][*][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][X][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 2d, bomb.
5  [_][_][X][_][X][_][X]     R5. Capture 3d.
4  [*][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 1g, mark row e.
3  [_][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 2e, bomb.
1  [*][X][X][_][X][X][*]     R9. Capture 4d.
                             R10. Capture 5d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 6d, bomb.
                             R12. Capture 7d.
                             R13. Capture 5f.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Bomb.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2001002-2111010                                     Rotations: 16/19
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [*][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
8  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, mark front of row f.
7  [_][_][X][*][X][X][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][_][X][X][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 2f, mark front of row c.
5  [_][X][X][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb.
4  [*][_][X][_][X][_][*]     R6. Bomb, capture 2c.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 1a.
2  [*][_][_][_][X][_][X]     R8. Capture 1d.
1  [*][X][X][_][X][X][*]     R9. Capture 2d, bomb.
                             R10. Capture 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 4d.
                             R12. Capture 5d, re-mark spot 5d.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Bomb, then capture 7d.
                             R15. Capture 5a.
                             R16. Bomb, capture 7g.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2001012                                             Rotations: 15/17
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1g.
7  [_][_][X][*][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
6  [*][*][X][_][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb.
5  [X][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark row e.
4  [_][_][X][_][X][_][*]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 2e, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 2d, bomb.
1  [*][X][X][_][X][_][*]     R9. Capture 3d, mark spot 4a.
                             R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 6a.
                             R12. Capture 5b, bomb.
                             R13. Capture 4d.
                             R14. Capture 5d.
                             R15. Capture 6d, bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2001210                                             Rotations: 17/19
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [X][X][X][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 3g.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark row c.
6  [_][*][_][*][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
5  [*][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 4c, bomb.
2  [X][X][X][_][_][_][X]     R8. Capture 1e, bomb.
1  [*][X][X][_][*][_][X]     R9. Capture 3d.
                             R10. Capture 3e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 4e, mark spot 3d.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 6d.
                             R15. Capture 5e, bomb.
                             R16. Capture 9d.
                             R17. Capture 5c.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2010112                                             Rotations: 14/15</pre><pre id="faqspan-39">------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 2d.
8  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R2. Capture 1g.
7  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb, re-mark spot 1e.
6  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R4. Wait.
5  [X][X][_][X][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 3e.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 1c.
2  [_][*][_][_][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 4g, bomb.
1  [*][X][_][X][_][_][*]     R9. Capture 5g, bomb, mark spot 3e.
                             R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 5e, bomb, mark spot 2d.
                             R12. Bomb.
                             R13. Bomb, capture 4d.
                             R14. Capture 5c.

----------------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2011012-0000121-1101111                             Rotations; 20/?
----------------------------------

9  [X][X][_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
8  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, re-mark spot 1d.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][_][X]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][*][X][_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 3d, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1g.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 1c, bomb.
2  [X][X][X][X][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb.
1  [*][X][_][_][X][_][*]     R9. Capture 5g.
                             R10. Capture 4d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 5d.
                             R12. Capture 6d, bomb, mark spot 4e.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 7e.
                             R16. Capture 5f..
                             R17. Capture 6f.
                             R18. Capture 8e.
                             R19. Capture 9e.
                             R20. Bomb, capture 9c.

----------------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2011012-0000121-1111111                             Rotations: 21/22
----------------------------------                                True Genius!!

9  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
8  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 5g, mark spot 1d.
5  [_][*][X][_][X][_][*]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3d.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 1a.
2  [X][X][X][X][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 1c.
1  [*][X][_][_][X][_][*]     R9. Capture 5f.
                             R10. Capture 4d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 5d, mark spot 4e.
                             R12. Bomb.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 7e, mark spot 5d.
                             R15 to R17. Wait.
                             R18. Capture 9d.
                             R19. Capture 9c.
                             R20. Capture 8e.
                             R21. Capture 9e.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2011110                                             Rotations: 16/17
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 3g.
8  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R2. Bomb, capture 1f.
7  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R3. Capture 2f.
6  [X][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2e, re-mark spot 2e.
4  [_][_][*][_][_][*][_]     R6. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R7. Bomb, capture 4e.
2  [_][*][X][X][_][_][X]     R8. Bomb, capture 1d.
1  [*][X][_][_][_][_][X]     R9. Bomb, capture 1c.
                             R10. Bomb, capture 1a, mark spot 1d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 3d, bomb.
                             R13. Capture 5e.
                             R14. Bomb.
                             R15. Capture 4d.
                             R16. Capture 6b.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2020002                                              Rotations: 8/11
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 6d, bomb 3 times.
8  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R3. Capture 1c.
6  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R4. Capture 2a.
5  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R5. Capture 1g, mark row e.
4  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R6. Wait.
3  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R7. Capture 2e.
2  [*][X][X][X][*][X][*]     R8. Capture 2g.
1  [*][X][*][X][X][X][*]

    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2022222                                             Rotations: 11/14
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Bomb, mark spot 3d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 5d.
5  [_][_][*][*][*][*][_]     R5. Capture 1a,
4  [*][*][X][X][X][X][*]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, then capture 4g, mark spot 3e.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Wait.
1  [*][X][*][*][*][*][*]     R9. Capture 3e.
                             R10. Bomb, capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 9a.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2100000                                             Rotations: 15/16
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1g, mark row c.
8  [_][_][_][_][*][*][*]     R2. Bomb.
7  [_][_][_][*][X][X][X]     R3. Bomb, capture 2c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb, mark row d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [X][*][_][*][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2d, mark spot 2b.
3  [X][X][X][_][_][*][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [*][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 4b.
1  [*][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R9. Capture 3d.
                             R10. Bomb, then capture 4d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 6f, bomb.
                             R12. Capture 7d, mark spot 6e.
                             R13. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 7e is protected.
                             R14. Bomb, clear mark.
                             R15. Capture 6g, bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2100121                                             Rotations: 15/?
------------------

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1f, bomb.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 3c.
5  [*][_][X][*][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 3a.
4  [_][X][X][X][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 4a.
3  [_][X][_][X][*][_][X]     R7. Bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 3e.
1  [*][_][X][X][_][*][_]     R9. Run to left side of puzzle.
                             R10. Capture 5a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Capture 8a.
                             R13. Capture 9a, bomb.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2101010                                             Rotations; 15/?
------------------

9  [_][_][*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
8  [_][*][_][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d.
7  [*][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R3. Capture 2d.
6  [_][X][_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1f.
5  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a, mark front of row g.
4  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
3  [_][_][X][X][X][*][_]     R7. Capture 2g.
2  [_][_][_][*][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 4a, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][_][X][_][X]     R9. Capture 5a.
                             R10. Capture 6a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 7a.
                             R13. Bomb, mark spot 6d.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Bomb twice while Forbidden Qube in 8d is
                                  protected.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2101012-1101011                                     Rotations: 16/16
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

9  [X][X][X][X][X][_][*]     R1. Capture 1g.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][X][*]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][X][*]     R3. Capture 5g.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][X][*]     R4. Wait.
5  [X][X][_][*][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 6g.
4  [_][_][X][*][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [*][_][X][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 7g.
2  [_][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R8. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][X][_][*]     R9. Capture 8g.
                             R10. Capture 1a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 2d, bomb.
                             R12. Capture 3d.
                             R13. Capture 4d.
                             R14. Capture 4a.
                             R15. Capture 4b, bomb.
                             R16. Capture 8e, bomb.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2101012-2001112                                     Rotations: 18/19
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb, mark front of row e.
7  [_][*][X][*][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][_][X][X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 2e.
5  [_][_][X][*][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb, capture 3f.
4  [_][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][_][X]     R7. Capture 1b.
2  [*][X][X][_][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 1d.
1  [*][_][X][_][X][_][*]     R9. Capture 2a.
                             R10. Capture 2d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb, capture 3d.
                             R12. Capture 4d.
                             R13. Bomb, then capture 5d, mark spot 4d.
                             R14. Wait while running back and down right side.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 7d.
                             R17. Capture 9f.
                             R18. Capture 9g, bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2101112                                             Rotations: 20/20
------------------                                                    Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][*][*][_][*][X]     R3. Capture 1g, bomb.
6  [_][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 1d.
5  [*][X][_][_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 2d.
4  [_][X][_][_][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 3d.
3  [_][_][_][*][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 3g, bomb, mark spot 2f.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R8. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R9. Capture 4f.
                             R10. Capture 1e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 5f, re-mark spot 5f.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 7f.
                             R14. Capture 3c.
                             R15. Capture 4a, bomb.
                             R16. Capture 4b, mark spot 5d.
                             R17. Wait.
                             R18. Bomb, then capture 7d.
                             R19. Bomb.
                             R20. Capture 9a, bomb.

------------------------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2101121-1110112-1211011-0100111                     Rotations: 17/19
------------------------------------------                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
8  [X][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
7  [_][*][*][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 5f, mark spot 2e.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][*][X]     R5. Wait.
4  [X][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4e, mark spot 4g.
3  [_][*][_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R8. Bomb, then capture 6g.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R9. Bomb, then capture 1a, mark spot 1d.
                             R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 3d.
                             R12. Capture 3c.
                             R13. Bomb, capture 4b, mark spot 3d.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 5d.
                             R16. Bomb, capture 6d.
                             R17. Capture 7d, run around and past puzzle.

------------------------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2101121-1110112-1211011-0100112                     Rotations: 20/21
------------------------------------------                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2c.
8  [*][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
7  [_][*][*][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 4f.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R5. Capture 1a, mark spot 1d.
4  [X][_][X][X][_][_][*]     R6. Bomb.
3  [_][*][_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 3d, mark spot 2e.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R8. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 4e, bomb.
                             R10. Capture 5f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 5e, re-mark spot 5e.
                             R12. Bomb.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 8e, mark spot 3d.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 5d.
                             R17. Capture 4b.
                             R18. Capture 6d.
                             R19. Capture 7d.
                             R20. Capture 8a.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2101121-1121111                                     Rotations: 21/22
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R1. Capture 2c.
8  [X][*][X][X][X][X][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][X][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 3g.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 4g.
5  [_][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][X][*]     R6. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb, mark spot 2a.
3  [X][_][_][_][X][X][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 4a.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 5a, bomb.
                             R10. Capture 6a, mark spot 4b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 6b.
                             R13. Capture 7a.
                             R14. Capture 7b.
                             R15. Capture 8b, mark spot 2e.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Capture 4e.
                             R18. Capture 8g, mark spot 4c.
                             R19. Wait.
                             R20. Capture 6c.
                             R21. Capture 7c.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2101122                                             Rotations: 18/18
------------------                                                    Brilliant

9  [X][X][X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
8  [_][X][_][_][_][X][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
7  [X][X][_][_][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][*][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
5  [X][X][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 5g.
4  [X][_][X][*][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 6g.
3  [_][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 4d.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 7g.
1  [*][_][X][_][_][*][*]     R9. Capture 8g.
                             R10. Capture 3d, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 4b, bomb, re-mark spot 4b.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 6b, mark spot 3a.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 6a, re-mark spot 6a.
                             R17. Wait.
                             R18. Capture 8a.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2101201                                             Rotations: 14/16
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 5a.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, mark row c.
7  [_][_][*][*][*][_][_]     R3. Bomb.
6  [_][*][X][X][X][*][_]     R4. Capture 2c.
5  [*][X][X][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1g, bomb.
4  [X][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R6. Capture 2g, bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb, then capture 3g, mark row f.
2  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R8. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][X][_]     R9. Capture 2f.
                             R10. Bomb, then capture 1e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 1d, mark spot 2c.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 4c, bomb.
                             R14. Capture 4b.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2101211                                             Rotations: 20/21
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2c.
8  [*][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1e.
7  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][*][_][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 3a.
5  [*][_][X][_][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 3c, re-mark spot 3c.
4  [_][X][X][X][X][_][*]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][X][_][_][*][_][X]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R8. Capture 6c.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R9. Bomb, capture 1g, re-mark spot 1g.
                             R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 4g.
                             R13. Bomb, bomb, capture 4a.
                             R14. Capture 5a, mark spot 3d.
                             R15. Bomb.
                             R16. Capture 5d, mark spot 7g.
                             R17. Wait.
                             R18. Capture 9g.
                             R19. Capture 9c.
                             R20. Capture 8a, bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2101212                                             Rotations: 17/19
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
8  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 2d.
6  [_][_][_][X][X][*][*]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 4d, mark spot 2b.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [X][X][X][X][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 4b.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R8. Bomb, bomb, capture 1g, mark spot 2a.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][_][*]     R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Capture 4a, mark spot 2b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Bomb, then capture 5b while running around
                                  puzzle.
                             R14. Capture 5a.
                             R15. Capture 5c.
                             R16. Capture 6c.
                             R17. Capture 5d.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2101222-1101111                                     Rotations: 15/18
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][*][*][*]     R1. Capture 4b.
8  [_][_][_][_][*][*][*]     R2. Capture 1e.
7  [_][_][_][_][*][*][*]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][*][*][*]     R4. Capture 3a, re-mark spot 3a.
5  [*][*][X][_][X][X][X]     R5. Bomb.
4  [X][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 5a, mark spot 4f.
3  [_][X][*][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 6f, mark row c.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][*][*]     R9. Wait.
                             R10. Bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 3c, mark spot 3d.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 5d.
                             R14. Capture 4c.
                             R15. Capture 1g, bomb.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2101222-2101222                                     Rotations: 15/17
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
8  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb 3 times, mark spot 3c.
7  [*][*][_][_][*][*][X]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][_][X][_][X][_][X]     R4. Capture 5c.
5  [*][_][_][_][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 5g.
4  [_][_][X][*][*][*][*]     R6. Capture 5d.
3  [_][_][_][_][*][*][*]     R7. Capture 1a, bomb, mark spot 4f.
2  [*][_][X][_][*][*][*]     R8. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][_][*][*][*]     R9. Capture 6f, bomb, mark spot 4e.
                             R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 7e.
                             R13. Capture 6d, bomb, mark spot 5c.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 7c.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2102011-0100010                                     Rotations: 16/16
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3g.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1g.
7  [X][_][_][_][*][X][X]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1d.
6  [_][X][X][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1f.
5  [_][*][*][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2f.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 1a.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][X][*]     R7. Capture 1b.
2  [X][_][X][X][X][_][X]     R8. Capture 2b.
1  [*][_][X][*][X][_][_]     R9. Bomb, mark spot 5e.
                             R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 7e, mark spot 6g.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Bomb.
                             R14. Capture 9g.
                             R15. Capture 6d.
                             R16. Capture 6a.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2102011-1111121                                     Rotations: 17/18
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
8  [_][*][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2f.
6  [_][_][X][X][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 1g, bomb.
5  [X][X][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 1a.
4  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1b.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 5e, bomb, mark spot 5g.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R8. Wait.
1  [*][_][X][*][X][_][_]     R9. Capture 7g.
                             R10. Capture 5c, bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 6e.
                             R12. Capture 7e, mark spot 4d.
                             R13. Wait while running up and around top.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 8d.
                             R17. Capture 9d.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2102112-1200011                                     Rotations: 18/18
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

9  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1d.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][X][*]     R2. Capture 1e.
7  [_][_][X][X][X][X][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][X][_]     R4. Capture 1g, then bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 3g.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 4g.
2  [_][*][X][X][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 5g, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][*][_][_][*]     R9. Capture 6g.
                             R10. Capture 7g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb, bomb, then capture 8g, all while
                                  running back to front left corner.
                             R12. Capture 3a.
                             R13. Capture 7a, bomb.
                             R14. Capture 7b.
                             R15. Capture 6e, re-mark spot 6e.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Capture 8e.
                             R18. Capture 9e.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2102112-2100011                                     Rotations: 14/14
--------------------------                                            Brilliant
                                                               (if you're fast)
9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1g, bomb.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][X][*]     R2. Capture 1d.
7  [_][_][_][*][_][X][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
6  [_][*][X][X][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 3g.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 4g.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][X][_]     R7. Capture 5g.
2  [*][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 6g, bomb.
1  [*][_][X][*][_][_][*]     R9. Capture 7g.
                             R10. Bomb, then capture 8g, all while running back
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g           to lower left corner.
                             R11. Capture 3a, mark spot 5d.
                             R12. Bomb.
                             R13. Capture 7d.
                             R14. Bomb.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2110000-1102110                                     Rotations: 17/22
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3g.
8  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
7  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 3a.
6  [*][X][_][X][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 4a.
5  [_][X][_][_][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 5a.
4  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 6a.
3  [_][X][_][_][*][_][_]     R7. Capture 1c, mark front of row d.
2  [_][_][X][*][_][_][X]     R8. Bomb.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R9. Bomb, then capture 2d.
                             R10. Run down left side.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb, bomb, run up into space just created.
                             R12. Capture 4g.
                             R13. Capture 5g, mark spot 5e.
                             R14. Wait while running to top right of puzzle.
                             R15. Capture 7e.
                             R16. Bomb.
                             R17. Capture 8e.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2110000-1111111                                     Rotations: 11/12
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][*][_][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 3f, bomb, bomb.
8  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
7  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb, bomb, mark spot 2a.
6  [_][_][_][_][*][*][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][X][_][_][_][_][*]     R5. Bomb, then capture 2a.
4  [*][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 2c.
3  [X][X][_][_][*][*][_]     R7. Capture 3c, mark spot 2b.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R8. Bomb.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R9. Capture 4b.
                             R10. Capture 9b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 5a, bomb.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2110000-1201111                                     Rotations: 10/14
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [X][X][X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3f, bomb, bomb.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 1a, then bomb.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][_][*]     R5. Capture 3a, mark spot 2b.
4  [_][*][X][*][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][X][*][_][*][*][_]     R7. Capture 4b.
2  [_][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 4a, mark spot 1c.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][X][X]     R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Capture 3c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2110001                                             Rotations: 17/18
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 5c.
8  [_][_][*][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
7  [X][*][X][X][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 2g.
6  [X][_][X][_][_][X][X]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
5  [X][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a, mark spot 1c.
4  [X][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R7. Capture 3c, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][*][X][*][*]     R8. Capture 4b.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][X][_]     R9. Capture 5b.
                             R10. Capture 6b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 7b.
                             R12. Capture 6d.
                             R13. Capture 6e, bomb, mark spot 5g.
                             R14. Bomb.
                             R15. Bomb, then capture 7g, mark front of row d.
                             R16. Bomb.
                             R17. Capture 2d.

------------------------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2110020-1201111-1011111-0010112                     Rotations: 16/17
------------------------------------------                        True Genius!!

9  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
8  [X][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
7  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1a, bomb.
5  [_][_][*][_][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 3a, mark spot 1c.
4  [X][X][_][X][_][_][*]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 3c.
2  [_][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 3d, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][*][X]     R9. Capture 4c, bomb 3 times.
                             R10. Capture 5g, mark spot 4f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 6f.
                             R13. Mark spot 7a.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 9a.
                             R16. Capture 9c, bomb.

------------------------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2110020-1201111-1011111-1110112                     Rotations: 15/16
------------------------------------------                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
8  [X][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
7  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, re-mark spot 1c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R4. Bomb.
5  [_][_][*][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 3c, run inside right side of puzzle.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 3d.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5g.
2  [_][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 1a, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][X][X][*][X]     R9. Capture 3a, run to right side again.
                             R10. Capture 5f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 6f, bomb, run to left side.
                             R12. Capture 7a, bomb twice.
                             R13. Capture 8b.
                             R14. Capture 9e.
                             R15. Bomb.

--------------------------------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2110121-1210111-1101100-1110120-1210111             Rotations: 16/18
--------------------------------------------------                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
8  [X][X][X][*][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f, bomb.
7  [*][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1a.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb.
5  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2c.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][*][X]     R6. Capture 3e.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][X][X]     R7. Capture 4e, bomb, mark spot 2f.
2  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Bomb.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 4f, mark spot 3d.
                             R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Bomb.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 8d.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Bomb.

--------------------------------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2110121-1210111-1101100-1110120-2110111             Rotations: 17/21
--------------------------------------------------                True Genius!!

9  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
8  [X][X][X][*][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1f, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
5  [*][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2c, mark spot 2f.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][*][X]     R6. Bomb.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][X][X]     R7. Bomb, then capture 4f.
2  [_][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 3e.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 4e, bomb, mark spot 3d.
                             R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait while running down left side of puzzle.
                             R12. Wait, keep running.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 8d, mark spot 7b.
                             R15. Wait while running back around to right side.
                             R16. Bomb, then capture 9b.
                             R17. Bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2110122                                             Rotations: 15/17
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 3c.
8  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
7  [X][*][X][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 3a, mark front of row d.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][*][X]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][X][_]     R6. Capture 2d, bomb.
3  [*][X][*][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 3d.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 4e.
1  [*][_][_][X][_][*][*]     R9. Capture 7b, mark spot 6d.
                             R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb, then capture 8d, mark spot 3f.
                             R12. Bomb.
                             R13. Capture 5f.
                             R14. Capture 4g.
                             R15. Bomb, capture 5e.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2111000-1100121                                     Rotations: 14/15
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [X][X][X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
8  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb, mark spot 2b.
7  [_][_][_][_][X][X][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 4b.
5  [*][_][*][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1d.
4  [_][*][X][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [_][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 3a, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][X][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 4a.
1  [*][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R9. Capture 8a.
                             R10. Capture 8b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 8c.
                             R12. Capture 8d.
                             R13. Capture 6g.
                             R14. Capture 7g.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2111000-1210121                                     Rotations: 16/17
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [X][X][X][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
8  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb, re-mark spot 1d.
7  [_][_][_][_][X][X][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][X][_]     R4. Capture 3d.
5  [*][_][*][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1c.
4  [_][*][X][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [X][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 2c.
2  [_][*][_][X][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 3c, mark spot 2a.
1  [*][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R9. Wait.
                             R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 5a, bomb while running to right.
                             R12. Capture 6g.
                             R13. Capture 7g, bomb, mark spot 3d.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 5d, bomb.
                             R16. Capture 9d.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2111000-1211121                                     Rotations: 12/13
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [X][X][X][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 5a, bomb, mark front of row f.
8  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R2. Wait.
7  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2f.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R4. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
5  [*][_][*][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 2d.
4  [_][*][X][X][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 1c.
3  [X][X][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 1a, bomb.
2  [_][*][_][_][_][*][_]     R8. Capture 2c.
1  [*][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R9. Capture 3c.
                             R10. Capture 8d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 9d.
                             R12. Bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2111100                                             Rotations: 13/13
------------------                                                    Brilliant

9  [_][*][_][_][_][*][_]     R1. Capture 2f.
8  [_][_][*][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1e, bomb.
7  [X][X][_][*][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 4g.
6  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [X][X][_][X][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 6g.
4  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1a.
3  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 1b.
2  [_][*][_][*][*][*][_]     R8. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 4a.
1  [*][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R9. Bomb, bomb.
                             R10. Capture 6a, mark spot 4b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 6b.
                             R13. Capture 9f, bomb, bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2111121                                             Rotations: 13/14
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [*][*][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
8  [*][_][X][*][_][*][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
7  [_][_][X][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
6  [X][X][_][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 2a.
5  [X][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Bomb 3 times.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 4a, mark spot 2b.
3  [X][X][_][_][*][*][_]     R7. Bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 4b, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 1d, bomb 3 times.
                             R10. Capture 4c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 5b, mark spot 4c.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 6c.

----------------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2111210-2101110-1101120                             Rotations: 22/22
----------------------------------                                    Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
8  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
7  [X][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 3d.
6  [*][X][X][_][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][_][*]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 6d.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][*][X]     R7. Bomb once, then capture 1a, then bomb again.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][_][X]     R8. Capture 4f.
1  [*][_][_][_][*][_][X]     R9. Capture 9g, bomb.
                             R10. Capture 7d, re-mark spot 7d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait while running around to left side.
                             R12. Capture 9d.
                             R13. Capture 6a.
                             R14. Capture 5c, mark spot 5b.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Bomb, capture 7b, mark spot 5c.
                             R17. Wait while running back around to right side.
                             R18. Wait, keep running.
                             R19. Capture 8c.
                             R20. Capture 9g, run behind to left side.
                             R21. Capture 9c if you can reach it in time.
                             R22. Capture 9c if you couldn't.

----------------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2111210-2101110-1111120                             Rotations: 17/18
----------------------------------                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 3c.
8  [_][_][_][X][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1e.
7  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 3d.
6  [X][X][X][_][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
5  [*][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][X][X][_][X]     R6. Capture 6d, bomb.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][*][X]     R7. Capture 4f.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][_][X]     R8. Capture 8f.
1  [*][_][_][_][*][_][X]     R9. Capture 8e.
                             R10. Capture 1a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 7d, bomb.
                             R12. Capture 5a, mark spot 3c.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Bomb.
                             R16. Capture 7c, mark spot 7d.
                             R17. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 8d is protected.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2111211                                             Rotations: 21/23
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [X][X][X][_][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 3c.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [*][_][X][X][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 1e, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1g.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2g, bomb, mark spot 2d.
4  [*][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][_][_][X][X][*][_]     R7. Capture 4d, bomb.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 4a.
1  [*][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R9. Capture 4c, re-mark spot 4c.
                             R10. Bomb, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 6c, mark spot 4d.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Capture 6d.
                             R14. Capture 7g, bomb, mark spot 6e.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 8e, mark spot 6d.
                             R17. Wait.
                             R18. Capture 8d, mark spot 6c.
                             R19. Wait.
                             R20. Capture 8c.
                             R21. Capture 9d.

----------------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2111212-0112111-1000011                             Rotations: 18/18
----------------------------------                                    Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb, mark spot 2e.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
7  [X][X][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 4e.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 2c, re-mark spot 2c.
4  [*][_][*][_][_][X][*]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][X][X][X][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 4c.
2  [X][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 1g.
1  [*][_][_][_][*][_][*]     R9. Bomb, then capture 1a.
                             R10. Capture 1b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 4g.
                             R12. Capture 2b, mark spot 1a.
                             R13. Bomb, run up right side of puzzle.
                             R14. Capture 3a.
                             R15. Capture 9g.
                             R16. Capture 8g.
                             R17. Wait.
                             R18. Bomb.

----------------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2111212-0112111-1100011                             Rotations: 16/16
----------------------------------                                    Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1e, bomb.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c.
7  [X][X][X][X][X][_][*]     R3. Capture 2c.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1b.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a, mark spot 2c.
4  [*][_][*][_][X][X][*]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 4c.
2  [X][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 1g.
1  [*][_][_][_][*][_][*]     R9. Capture 2b, bomb.
                             R10. Capture 4g, mark spot 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 8a, bomb twice, mark spot 6b.
                             R13. Wait, while running to back of puzzle.
                             R14. Capture 8b.
                             R15. Capture 9b.
                             R16. Capture 9a.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2111221                                             Rotations: 17/19
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 4c.
8  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1e.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1a, then bomb.
6  [X][X][X][_][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1c, bomb, mark spot 2b.
5  [X][X][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][X][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 4b.
3  [*][X][X][_][_][_][*]     R7. Bomb, bomb, then capture 3a, mark spot 3d.
2  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R8. Wait.
1  [*][_][_][_][*][*][_]     R9. Wait.
                             R10. Capture 6d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 4a.
                             R12. Capture 5c, bomb, re-mark spot 5c.
                             R13. Wait while running to right side of puzzle.
                             R14. Capture 7c.
                             R15. Capture 4g.
                             R16. Capture 7d.
                             R17. Capture 8d.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2112101                                             Rotations: 17/18
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][*][_][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 3g.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][X]     R2. Capture 1d.
7  [*][X][_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 1g, bomb.
6  [_][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][X][_][X][_][_]     R6. Capture 2b, mark spot 3c.
3  [X][X][_][*][_][X][*]     R7. Wait.
2  [X][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R8. Capture 5c, bomb, bomb.
1  [*][_][_][*][_][X][_]     R9. Capture 4d.
                             R10. Capture 5d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 6d.
                             R12. Capture 7a, mark spot 3e.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Bomb, capture 5e, mark spot 6g.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Capture 9g.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2112202                                             Rotations: 17/17
------------------                                                    Brilliant

9  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1g.
8  [_][*][_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1e.
7  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
6  [*][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1a, bomb.
4  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, bomb, then capture 1d.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][_][X]     R7. Capture 3a.
2  [_][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R8. Capture 4a.
1  [*][_][_][*][*][X][*]     R9. Capture 5a, bomb.
                             R10. Capture 6a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Capture 9a, bomb twice while running across
                                  back of puzzle and down into open space.
                             R13. Capture 6d.
                             R14. Capture 6e, re-mark spot 6e.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 8e.
                             R17. Capture 9e.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2112222                                             Rotations: 16/17
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
8  [_][*][_][_][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1e.
7  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 3a.
5  [*][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4a.
4  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 1d.
2  [_][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R8. Capture 5a.
1  [*][_][_][*][*][*][*]     R9. Wait.
                             R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb, then capture 1g.
                             R12. Capture 1f.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Bomb.
                             R16. Bomb, bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2121000                                             Rotations: 19/20
------------------                                                True Genius!!
                     Note: only attempt this strategy if you have lots of room.
9  [_][_][_][*][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 7e, bomb, bomb, mark row g.
8  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Wait.
7  [X][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][*][X][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 3g.
5  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1a, bomb.
3  [X][_][X][_][X][_][*]     R7. Capture 3b.
2  [*][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R8. Capture 3d, mark row e.
1  [*][_][*][_][X][X][X]     R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 4e, bomb.
                             R13. Capture 7b.
                             R14. Mark spot 5g.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 7g.
                             R17. Capture 8g.
                             R18. Capture 9g, bomb.
                             R19. Capture 5e.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2121011                                             Rotations: 13/16
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3e.
8  [X][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][_][*][_][*]     R3. Capture 3b.
6  [_][_][*][_][_][_][X]     R4. Capture 1g, re-mark spot 1g.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [X][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 3g.
3  [X][*][X][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 1f, bomb 3 times.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R8. Capture 1c, bomb.
1  [*][_][*][_][X][_][_]     R9. Capture 4b.
                             R10. Capture 9b, mark spot 5g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb,
                             R12. Capture 7g.
                             R13. Capture 4e, bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2121112                                             Rotations: 16/18
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, mark spot 2a.
7  [_][X][X][X][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [X][X][X][_][X][_][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 4a.
5  [X][X][X][X][X][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d, mark spot 4a.
4  [*][_][_][*][X][X][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [X][_][_][_][X][X][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 7a.
1  [*][_][*][_][_][_][*]     R9. Capture 1g, bomb.
                             R10. Capture 1e, mark spot 4d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Capture 6d.
                             R13. Capture 3g, bomb.</pre><pre id="faqspan-40">                             R14. Capture 4g.
                             R15. Capture 8g.
                             R16. Capture 8f.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2121120                                             Rotations: 14/18
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 2a.
8  [*][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1f.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1e.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 2f.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1c, bomb.
3  [X][X][X][_][*][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
2  [*][_][_][_][X][_][X]     R8. Capture 6f, mark spot 2c.
1  [*][_][*][_][_][*][X]     R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Run across bottom to left side.
                             R12. Capture 6c.
                             R13. Capture 7c.
                             R14. Capture 8c.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2121121                                             Rotations: 15/17
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4c.
8  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1c, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
6  [_][*][_][X][X][_][*]     R4. Capture 1g.
5  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1e.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1a, then bomb.
3  [X][X][X][X][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 2f.
2  [*][_][_][_][X][_][X]     R8. Capture 6g, mark spot 5e.
1  [*][_][*][_][_][*][_]     R9. Bomb.
                             R10. Bomb, capture 7e.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 8e.
                             R12. Bomb, capture 9g, move to left side.
                             R13. Capture 9b.
                             R14. Capture 9a.
                             R15. Capture 5c.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2200002                                             Rotations: 15/16
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [*][*][_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
8  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1a, mark front of row d.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 2d.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][*][_]     R5. Bomb, then capture 1g, re-mark row d.
4  [_][_][*][X][_][_][_]     R6. Wait.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
2  [X][X][X][_][_][*][_]     R8. Bomb, capture 3d.
1  [*][*][X][X][X][X][*]     R9. Capture 5f.
                             R10. Capture 5g.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb, bomb.
                             R12. Capture 8b.
                             R13. Capture 9b, bomb.
                             R14. Capture 7a.
                             R15. Capture 9e.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2200201                                             Rotations: 15/16
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a, bomb.
8  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 2g.
6  [*][_][_][_][_][*][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1e.
5  [X][*][_][_][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 5g.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Mark spot 4f.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb while Forbidden Qube in 5f is protected.
2  [_][_][*][_][X][_][*]     R8. Clear mark.
1  [*][*][X][X][*][X][_]     R9. Bomb, then capture 5b.
                             R10. Capture 5c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 5d, bomb.
                             R12. Capture 5e.
                             R13. Capture 6d.
                             R14. Capture 7d, bomb.
                             R15. Capture 8d, bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2201111                                             Rotations: 16/16
------------------                                                    Brilliant

9  [_][_][X][X][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 1a.
8  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 2a.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R3. Capture 1f.
6  [_][_][*][*][_][_][*]     R4. Capture 1g, mark spot 1f.
5  [_][*][_][_][*][_][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3f.
3  [*][X][X][_][_][*][_]     R7. Capture 1e, bomb 4 times.
2  [X][X][X][_][X][X][X]     R8. Capture 1d.
1  [*][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R9. Capture 2d.
                             R10. Capture 3d, mark spot 1a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait while running up right side.
                             R12. Capture 3a.
                             R13. Capture 6g.
                             R14. Capture 8e.
                             R15. Capture 8d.
                             R16. Bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2201121                                             Rotations: 17/18
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
8  [X][X][X][X][_][_][*]     R2. Capture 1f.
7  [_][*][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d, bomb, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R4. Capture 5g.
5  [_][_][X][_][_][X][*]     R5. Capture 1a, mark spot 3e.
4  [*][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R6. Bomb.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 5e.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Bomb.
1  [*][*][X][_][_][*][_]     R9. Capture 5d, mark spot 4c.
                             R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 6c.
                             R12. Capture 6d.
                             R13. Bomb, capture 7c.
                             R14. Capture 7d, mark spot 5e.
                             R15. Wait.
                             R16. Capture 7e, bomb.
                             R17. Capture 8e.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2201122-1110011                                     Rotations: 16/16
--------------------------                                            Brilliant

9  [*][*][*][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1g.
8  [*][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1d, bomb, re-mark spot 1d.
7  [_][_][*][X][_][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3d.
5  [_][X][_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 1b.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 1e.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 1g, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R8. Capture 1a.
1  [*][*][X][_][_][*][*]     R9. Capture 5c, re-mark spot 5c.
                             R10. Bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 7c.
                             R12. Capture 4d, re-mark spot 4d.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Capture 6d, bomb.
                             R15. Capture 5a, bomb 3 times.
                             R16. Capture 6a.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2201122-1110111                                     Rotations: 14/15
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][*][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
8  [_][_][X][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb.
7  [_][_][*][X][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1d.
6  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1f, then bomb.
5  [*][X][_][X][_][*][_]     R5. Capture 4d.
4  [_][_][_][_][X][*][_]     R6. Bomb, then capture 5a, mark spot 4d.
3  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Bomb, capture 6d.
1  [*][*][X][_][_][*][*]     R9. Capture 5c, re-mark spot 5c.
                             R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb, then capture 7c.
                             R12. Capture 9a.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2210011                                             Rotations: 17/20
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [*][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 2d.
8  [_][_][_][X][X][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb, mark front of row e.
7  [_][_][_][_][X][_][_]     R3. Wait.
6  [_][_][_][X][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 2e.
5  [_][*][X][_][_][_][*]     R5. Capture 1f.
4  [*][X][_][_][_][_][*]     R6. Capture 1g.
3  [_][X][X][X][X][*][_]     R7. Capture 2g, mark spot 2c.
2  [_][_][_][_][_][X][*]     R8. Wait.
1  [*][*][_][X][X][_][_]     R9. Bomb, capture 4c, mark spot 2d.
                             R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb, capture 4d.
                             R12. Capture 3a.
                             R13. Capture 4a, run around to right side.
                             R14. Capture 5d.
                             R15. Capture 9g, bomb, mark spot 5d.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Bomb, then capture 7d.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2210012-1110012                                     Rotations: 15/16
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [*][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb.
8  [X][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 3a.
7  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R3. Capture 4a.
6  [_][*][_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Wait while running back to front right corner.
5  [_][_][_][X][X][X][_]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][X][X][X][X][X][_]     R6. Bomb, bomb, capture 1g.
3  [_][X][X][X][X][_][_]     R7. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][X][_][*]     R8. Capture 4g.
1  [*][*][_][X][X][_][*]     R9. Capture 5g, run up left side of puzzle.
                             R10. Mark spot 7a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Wait.
                             R12. Bomb, capture 9a, mark spot 7c.
                             R13. Bomb.
                             R14. Bomb, capture 9c.
                             R15. Capture 9g.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2210012-1110112                                     Rotations: 10/14
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!


9  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 2e.
8  [_][_][_][_][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
7  [_][*][_][X][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1b, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3a.
5  [_][_][X][X][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 4a.
4  [_][X][X][X][X][X][_]     R6. Run to right side of puzzle.
3  [_][X][X][X][X][_][_]     R7. Capture 4g.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R8. Bomb, bomb, capture 5g.
1  [*][*][_][X][X][_][*]     R9. Capture 9g, bomb.
                             R10. Capture 9a, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2210022                                             Rotations: 14/16
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 4d.
8  [_][_][_][X][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
7  [*][*][*][_][X][_][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
6  [X][X][X][_][X][*][*]     R4. Bomb, then mark spot 4g.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R5. Wait.
4  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 6g.
3  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R7. Bomb, mark spot 5b.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Wait.
1  [*][*][_][X][X][*][*]     R9. Capture 7b, mark spot 3c.
                             R10. Bomb while running around right side.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 5c.
                             R12. Capture 5d.
                             R13. Capture 6d.
                             R14. Capture 7d.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2210100                                             Rotations: 13/14
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
8  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [X][_][_][*][*][*][_]     R3. Capture 1b.
6  [_][_][*][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1c.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][X][X]     R5. Capture 2b.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Bomb, capture 1e, mark front of row d.
3  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R7. Wait.
2  [X][_][X][_][_][*][*]     R8. Bomb, capture 2d.
1  [*][*][_][X][_][X][X]     R9. Capture 4d.
                             R10. Bomb, capture 5d, mark front of row f.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb while running towards far right corner.
                             R12. Bomb twice, then capture 2f.
                             R13. Capture 9g, bomb.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2210121                                             Rotations: 18/20
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 3d.
8  [_][*][X][*][*][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb.
7  [*][X][*][_][_][_][_]     R3. Bomb, then capture 1f, mark spot 2c.
6  [_][X][X][X][X][X][*]     R4. Bomb.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][*][X]     R5. Capture 4c.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][X][X]     R6. Capture 5c.
3  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5a.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R8. Capture 6a, mark spot 5c.
1  [*][*][_][X][_][*][_]     R9. Wait while running to right side of puzzle.
                             R10. Bomb, then capture 7c.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 4e, mark spot 3f.
                             R12. Wait.
                             R13. Bomb, then capture 5f, mark spot 3d.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Capture 5d, mark spot 3g.
                             R16. Bomb, bomb.
                             R17. Wait.
                             R18. Capture 6g.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2210122-1110111                                      Rotations: 13/?
--------------------------

9  [*][_][X][X][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 1f, bomb.
8  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a.
7  [_][*][_][X][_][*][_]     R3. Run to right side.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 3g.
5  [_][_][X][X][X][X][_]     R5. Capture 4g.
4  [_][X][X][X][X][X][_]     R6. Capture 5g.
3  [_][X][X][X][X][X][_]     R7. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Capture 3a.
1  [*][*][_][X][_][*][*]     R9. Capture 4a.
                             R10. Capture 9a.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb while running up right side of puzzle.
                             R12. Keep running.
                             R13. Capture 9e.

--------------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2210122-2101112                                     Rotations: 13/14
--------------------------                                        True Genius!!

9  [_][X][_][*][*][_][_]     R1. Capture 2d.
8  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g, bomb.
7  [_][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R3. Capture 1e.
6  [_][_][_][X][X][X][_]     R4. Bomb, then capture 1a.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1c, bomb.
4  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 3d.
3  [*][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5e, mark spot 5f.
2  [*][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R8. Wait.
1  [*][*][_][X][_][*][*]     R9. Bomb, then capture 7f.
                             R10. Capture 6g, bomb, mark spot 3d.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Capture 5d, bomb.
                             R13. Capture 9a.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2211011                                             Rotations: 19/20
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][X][X][X][X][X]     R1. Capture 2g.
8  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f, mark row e.
6  [*][X][_][_][*][_][_]     R4. Wait.
5  [_][X][_][_][_][X][_]     R5. Capture 2e.
4  [_][X][X][_][_][*][_]     R6. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 2g.
3  [_][_][X][_][_][_][X]     R7. Wait.
2  [_][_][_][_][*][_][*]     R8. Capture 4g.
1  [*][*][_][_][X][_][_]     R9. Capture 1b, bomb.
                             R10. Capture 5e, bomb.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 4a.
                             R12. Capture 5a.
                             R13. Capture 6a, mark spot 2c.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Bomb.
                             R16. Capture 5c.
                             R17. Capture 5d.
                             R18. Capture 6c.
                             R19. Capture 7c.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2211022                                             Rotations: 16/17
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [*][_][_][X][_][_][*]     R1. Capture 3d.
8  [_][*][X][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1b, bomb twice.
7  [_][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1g, bomb.
6  [_][_][_][X][_][*][_]     R4. Capture 1d.
5  [_][_][_][_][X][X][*]     R5. Bomb, then capture 3a.
4  [_][*][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 4d.
3  [*][X][X][_][_][_][_]     R7. Capture 5d, bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][_][_][_]     R8. Bomb, then capture 5g, mark spot 5d.
1  [*][*][_][_][X][*][*]     R9. Wait.
                             R10. Capture 7d, bomb, mark spot 6b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Bomb.
                             R12. Capture 8b.
                             R13. Capture 7a.
                             R14. Capture 9g, bomb, bomb.
                             R15. Capture 9e.
                             R16. Capture 8d.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2211122                                             Rotations: 18/21
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][X][X][X][_]     R1. Capture 1b, bomb, bomb to clear.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1g.
7  [_][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1f.
6  [_][*][X][*][*][*][*]     R4. Capture 2g.
5  [*][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1e.
4  [_][X][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1d, bomb, mark spot 2c.
3  [_][X][X][_][*][*][_]     R7. Bomb.
2  [_][_][_][X][X][X][*]     R8. Bomb, capture 4c.
1  [*][*][_][_][_][*][*]     R9. Capture 5c.
                             R10. Capture 9g, run back to front of puzzle.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 3a.
                             R12. Capture 4a.
                             R13. Bomb, then capture 5a.
                             R14. Wait.
                             R15. Bomb.
                             R16. Wait.
                             R17. Wait.
                             R18. Bomb.
                             (You can take an extra turn or two if you can't
                              reach 3a from 9g in one turn.)

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2221011                                             Rotations: 18/19
------------------                                                True Genius!!

9  [_][_][_][_][_][X][X]     R1. Capture 3e.
8  [_][_][*][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1a, bomb, bomb.
7  [_][_][X][_][_][_][*]     R3. Capture 1f, bomb.
6  [_][_][*][_][*][_][_]     R4. Capture 2f.
5  [*][_][X][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 4a.
4  [_][X][_][_][X][_][*]     R6. Capture 4c.
3  [_][_][_][_][_][_][*]     R7. Capture 5a.
2  [_][*][_][_][X][*][X]     R8. Capture 4d, bomb.
1  [*][*][*][_][X][_][_]     R9. Capture 1g, bomb, re-mark spot 1g.
                             R10. Wait.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 3g.
                             R12. Bomb, mark spot 4c.
                             R13. Wait.
                             R14. Bomb, bomb, then capture 6c.
                             R15. Capture 5d.
                             R16. Capture 8a.
                             R17. Capture 9a, bomb.
                             R18. Capture 9e.

------------------
7x9 Puzzle 2222222                                             Rotations: 12/12
------------------                                                    Brilliant

9  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R1. Capture 1b.
8  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R2. Capture 1f.
7  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R3. Capture 1c.
6  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R4. Capture 1g.
5  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R5. Capture 1d.
4  [_][_][_][_][_][_][_]     R6. Capture 1a.
3  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R7. Capture 1e.
2  [X][X][X][X][X][*][X]     R8. Capture 2f, mark spot 1b.
1  [*][*][*][*][*][*][*]     R9. Wait.
                             R10. Bomb, then capture 3b.
    a  b  c  d  e  f  g      R11. Capture 7a, bomb.
                             R12. Capture 8a.


-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-
                               3.9 FINAL STAGE
-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-

   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     3.9.1 FINAL STAGE, ALL WAVES - 7x9 PUZZLES
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Uses same set of puzzles as Eighth Stage waves 2-4.  See section 3.8.2 above.


#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#
                        ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                          4.0 GAME MENUS AND OPTIONS
                        ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#

This section is for those who don't have the manual and just can't plain figure
things out on their own.  Why isn't it placed near the start of this guide,
with the other gameplay information?  Well, I added it late in the creation
process, and didn't feel that it was important enough a section to place before
the puzzle solutions and change all the section numbering as a result.  Give it
a quick scan just to make sure that you didn't miss any features in the game
that you didn't know about.

   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     4.1 MAIN MENU
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-- 1-P --
Obviously, this starts the 1-player game.

-- 2-P --
Choose this to begin a 2-player competitive game.  The way this works is, each
player takes a turn with a puzzle of a certain size, and must complete it
perfectly to win a point (perfect, in this case, means simply capturing all
Normal and Advantage Qubes, no Forbidden Qubes, and not getting squashed.  The
number of turns used to complete the puzzle doesn't matter.)  Then, if the
first player succeeded, the second player gets a different puzzle to attempt.
If a player fails to complete a puzzle perfectly, the other player receives the
same puzzle to try again.

After 5 rounds (each round consisting of a turn by each player), if a player is
leading by 2 points or more, they win.  If not, then the game continues until
one player has scored two points in a row over the other player.  If, after 10
additional rounds once this 'Deuce' condition is reached, neither player has
won, the game is a draw.

Personally, I find the 2-player game terribly dull, since skill at completing a
puzzle in the fewest turns does not come into play at all.  Maybe if you're
both relatively newbie players, it could present a challenge, mostly on the
higher play levels, and only because you have a limited amount of space on the
grid behind you.

You can choose the difficulty of the puzzles at the outset.  Within each
difficulty, the puzzles will roll at the speed set under 'Game Mode' in the
Options menu (see below).  The size of the puzzles in each mode are as follows:

Level 1: 4x4 to 4x6 puzzles.
Level 2: 5x6 to 5x8 puzzles.
Level 3: 6x7 to 6x9 puzzles.
Level 4: 7x7 to 7x9 puzzles.
Level 5: 7x7 to 7x9 puzzles (to differentiate this from level 4, I think that
          you have less room on the grid in which to complete the puzzles).

During the 2-player game, hit Start at any time to bring up the pause menu,
from which you can exit back to the main menu once you're bored.

-- RULES --
If you're new to I.Q., I suggest checking out the fully voiced and animated
instructional videos, even if you've already read the manual.  Do them in
order, too, as they build on each other, and watch all 3 demos to get a taste
of what's in store for you.  More games ought to come with something like this.
The only thing it doesn't teach you is about protecting Forbidden Qubes from
Advantage Zones by placing a mark underneath them.

-- OPTIONS --
This will open the options menu, explained below.  Most of the time, this will
be your first stop upon loading the game disc.

   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     4.2 OPTIONS MENU
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-- CONTROLLER --
Here, you can customize which buttons do which tasks (mark, capture, bomb, and
accelerate) during the game.  There is also an option to return to the default
setting, in case you changed things and can't remember how they were originally
supposed to go.  Note that Mark and Capture can be assigned to the same or to
different buttons, but Bomb and Accelerate must always have their own dedicated
buttons.

-- GAME MODE --
Press up/down to choose between 'System' and 'Level', then press left/right to
change the setting within each category.  First, 'Level' is where you set the
difficulty of the game.  As the level increases from 0 to 4, the Qubes roll
faster, and you have less of a pause after capturing a Qube before they start
rolling again.

Under 'System', Normal lets you play the game as it was meant to be; Original
(which only becomes available as an option once you've completed a game past
the final stage) lets you make your own puzzles.  Once you've selected this
option, go back to the main menu and choose the 1-P game.  A puzzle design
screen will appear, with a yellow cursor.  Click on the top left box to select
a different 'Group', which simply means one of the pre-made puzzles (use the X
button to increase the group number, and the O button to decrease it).  The box
next to this, with numbers for X &amp; Z, defines the puzzle size.  Click on this
to open a window with all of the available puzzle sizes, then select one to be
able to edit the groups within that size.

Now, with the puzzle you want to work with selected, you can change each Qube
individually by clicking on it, scrolling through Normal, Advantage, and
Forbidden each time you click.  Down the right side of the screen, 'CLS' will
make all Qubes within the current group the same color (and again, scrolling
through Normal, Advantage, and Forbidden).  'Copy' remembers the current
configuration of the puzzle, and 'Paste' will change any other puzzle to the
last one stored (if the current puzzle if of a different size than the one
stored, this function will change only the portion of the current puzzle
starting at the top left corner to match the stored one).

Finally, once you're happy with your editing, you can 'Save' your work (though
it takes a whopping 8 blocks on a PS1 memory card!), or you can just go ahead
and 'Play' it.  If you have a saved body of puzzles already, you can also
Load' it from here and 'Play' it, or edit it further.

To exit from this mode, you must select 'Play', then pause the game and exit
using the Pause menu (see below).

Personally, I think the original mode is somewhat useless.  First of all, the
puzzles are still randomly selected from each size grouping, so the chance of
any particular puzzle showing up within its proper size grouping is 1 in 200,
so unless you're really serious about making an entire set of your own puzzles,
it won't be much different from playing the normal game.  Also, in Original
mode, there is no TRN, removing an important element of strategy from the game.
My verdict: don't waste your time.

-- RANKING --
Here, all of your top scores are stored (assuming that you remembered to save
you game after playing).  When you complete the game (either by clearing the
final stage, or by dying), you receive your score and are given the chance to
input your name.  If you made it onto the top 10 for the difficulty level you
were playing on, it'll show up here.  The ranking lists both your raw score and
your I.Q., but the order is based strictly on the I.Q. value.  (It is possible
to get a higher I.Q. with a lower score, since your I.Q. is modified by your
performance against the TRN).

Press the L1 and R1 buttons to move between the high score listings for the 5
difficulty levels, and press up and down to see the entire top ten list within
each (since the screen only shows 7 of them at a time).  Press X or O to exit
back to the options menu.

-- MEMORY CARD --
This should be your first stop upon loading the game disc, if you want to
access any players other than the default that you may have unlocked, or if you
want your score to go onto the same board as any others you may already have
achieved.  Press left/right to select the memory card slot with your save file
(or where you want to put it), and press up/down to highlight Save or Load,
choosing them with the X button.  You get a confirmation window (Yes/No) when
you choose one, just to make sure that you don't overwrite something without
meaning to.

-- TEXTURE --
This refers to the color pallet for the Qubes and grid.  There are 5 sets of
colors/patterns, and within each one, the color changes for each stage of the
game.  A couple of the darker ones can make it difficult to differentiate
raised Qubes from the flat grid on certain stages, so try them all out to find
out which ones give you trouble.  My favorite texture is 04.  Now you know.

-- PLAYER --
There are multiple playable characters in this game (though not nearly as many
as in the Japanese and European releases of the game).  The default is Eliot.
After completing the final stage with him, you unlock Cynthia, who runs
slightly faster.  Complete the game again with her to receive Spike, who runs
(or trots) even slightly faster again.

-- EXIT --
Choose this to return to the main menu.  All of your settings will be
maintained when you then select to start the 1-player game.

   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     4.3 PAUSE MENU
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Press Start at any time while a puzzle is in play to halt the game and give you
the following options.  Please note that the current puzzle switches to all
Normal Qubes while it is paused, so you can't use this to get a free look at
the puzzle while it isn't moving.

-- CAMERA --
There are 3 choices, which you can toggle between by pressing left/right while
this option is highlighted.  Bring up the one you want before resuming the
game.  The cameras differ as follows:

Camera 1: Swings left and right in the direction that you more, letting you see
          the right edge of the puzzle when you move to the right edge of the
          platform, and the same for the left.  This feature is useful when you
          have a mark along one edge of the grid and have lost track of its
          location, as you can see it as the Qubes roll with the camera showing
          the side of the puzzle.  This is the preferred setting for most.

Camera 2: Swings left when you go right, and right when you go left, so that it
          is always centered on the middle of the puzzle.

Camera 3: Moves the camera to a lower angle, letting you see the front of the
          puzzle more than the top.  Moves left and right as you do.  Not too
          different from camera 1, but the latter is usually preferable as it
          is advantageous to be able to clearly see the entire puzzle at once.


-- RESUME --
Click on this option to return to the game.  You get a confirmation window
(yes/no) before you're committed, for safety's sake.

-- START OVER --
Choosing this option returns you to the beginning of the current stage
(regardless of which wave of puzzles you were currently on), and resets your
score to zero.  If you're doing very badly and don't want to restart from stage
1, this is an acceptable choice.  After selecting this option, you get the
chance to confirm (yes/no).

-- QUIT --
This exits the current game completely and returns to the main menu.  Any game
progress will NOT be saved.


#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#
                             ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                               5.0 CLOSING INFO
                             ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#~#

   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     5.1 HOW THIS GUIDE WAS CREATED
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Even though there has been essentially no clamoring for information on exactly
how this magnificent feat was accomplished, I have chosen to share it anyway,
since it took a damn long time and a bit of ingenuity to make it possible.  The
dream of producing solutions to all 3,400 I.Q. puzzles was with me for a long
time before I finally took the plunge.  I had my ordering system in mind for
some time, but the real issue holding me back was the thought of having to play
the game so many times in order to see all of the puzzles displayed and being
able to copy them down during gameplay.  But the solution to this problem came
to me one day...

The answer lay in the 'Original' mode included in the game, which was designed
for you to be able to create your own puzzles.  The editor for this mode
contains the original layout for each puzzle of every size in the set accessed
by the game in regular play.  By selecting any size, you can scroll through
puzzles #0 to 199 for that size, displayed as 2D blocks with the front row at
the bottom, as they would appear in the game if you were looking at the play
field from directly above.  But being able to see all of the puzzles was just
the beginning.

Working from a laptop in front of the television, I was able to convert the
puzzles in entirety to numbers using my coding system.  For example, this
puzzle:
         [_][_][_][X]
         [_][_][_][_]
         [X][*][_][_]
         [X][X][_][_]
         [_][X][_][*]

could be converted to "1012 0011 0211 1111 1112" (breaks between strings of
numbers indicate new rows in the puzzle).  But I also had find a way to input
these puzzles in a way that would allow me to place them in order, without just
having an unwieldy list of two hundred randomly assorted puzzles to then go
through one by one and order them properly.  When I started with the smaller
puzzles, I accomplished this by creating a table that would allow me to group
together puzzles that shared identical front rows, while putting them in order
according to their front row.  For example, the table here:

   | 00 | 01 | 02 | 10 | 11 | 12 | 20 | 21 | 22 | &lt;--first two Qubes in front
------------------------------------------------         row
00 |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
-------------------------------------------------
01 |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
-------------------------------------------------
02 |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
-------------------------------------------------
10 |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
-------------------------------------------------
11 |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
-------------------------------------------------
12 |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
-------------------------------------------------
20 |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
-------------------------------------------------
21 |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
-------------------------------------------------
22 |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
-------------------------------------------------
^^
 \___ last two Qubes in front row

A puzzle with a front row composed entirely of Advantage Qubes would go into
the bottom right corner box, while a puzzle with a front row composed entirely
of Normal Qubes would go in the box in the dead center.

Using such a table, I would scroll through the puzzles numbered 0 to 199 in
Original Mode for a particular puzzle size, look at the front rows, and place
the puzzle number into the appropriate box in the table.  Once this was
complete, I had all puzzles with the same front rows grouped together.  I could
then take one group of puzzles, scroll through the Original Mode list for those
puzzle numbers, and convert the puzzles to numbers in entirety, then do the
same for the next group of puzzles with the same front row in order.  Of
course, within any one of these groups, there could have been anywhere from 1
to 10 or more puzzles, but once I had them all converted to numbers within a
group, I could then re-order that group perfectly.  In this way, I only had to
deal with ordering small numbers of puzzles at a time, rather than an unwieldy
list of 200 puzzles.

This method became more challenging as the puzzle sizes grew, however.  The
example table above was only useful for puzzles that were four Qubes wide.
When I got to five Qube wide puzzles, the table had to triple in size, as
either the top or side header row/column now had to include all permutations of
three Qubes (the remaining two Qubes in the row of five were accounted for in
the other header row/column), i.e. one of the table dimensions now had to
include spaces for the values 000, 001, 002, 010, 011, 012, 020, 021, 022, etc.
This was still achievable without completely ridiculous effort up to six-Qube
wide puzzles, though in filling out the table I had to do a lot of scrolling
up/down and left/right to find the appropriate boxes on my monitor display.
When I hit the seven-Qube wide puzzles that populated the last three stages of
the game, I knew that I had to find a better way.

Then it hit me, and I had to kick myself for not using this method from the
very start.  I inputted the puzzles converted to numbers directly into a
Microsoft Excel spreadsheet.  I was then able to use the software to place all
of the puzzles in perfect numerical order automatically, saving me three
complete steps compared to my previous method (I no longer had to list the
puzzles by puzzle number, search the puzzle list for the puzzles that I had
identified as having the same front row, and then order them manually once I
had converted them).  To circumvent the problem of the software automatically
eliminating any zeroes that began a coded puzzle (i.e. '001' being read as
solely '1'), since in this case zeroes were a significant digit, I placed each
number in a separate box in a row on the spreadsheet, and placed a blank box
between each row of the puzzle to make it easier for myself to read when I
copied the coded puzzles into my text editor (which incidentally, was Metapad,
available at www.liquidninja.com/metapad - it's small, it's fast, and it has a
lot of great features to make game FAQing easier).  I still attached the puzzle
numbers as found in Original Mode to each coded puzzle in my spreadsheet, so
that I could refer back to the source if I thought that I may have made a typo
in a particular puzzle.  By coming to use this method, I saved myself countless
hours in converting the largest puzzles in the game.

At this point, I now had massive lists of numbers (divided into blocks of four
to seven digits, separated by spaces within a row) at my disposal, with 200
entries for each of 17 puzzle sizes (minus a few that were complete duplicates
for the smaller puzzle sizes).  On their own, these strings of numbers would
not be very useful to my guide users, so I then had to convert these into the
visual diagrams of the puzzles that were used in the solution listings above.
Making this conversion was fairly easy, though still quite time-consuming.  For
each puzzle size, I would make a blank template, such as follows:

----------------------
5x6 Puzzle                                                       Rotations:
----------------------

6  [_][_][_][_][_]     R1.
5  [_][_][_][_][_]     R2.
4  [_][_][_][_][_]     R3.
3  [_][_][_][_][_]     R4.
2  [_][_][_][_][_]     R5.
1  [_][_][_][_][_]     R6.
                       R7.
    a  b  c  d  e

I could then copy and paste this template 200 times, once between each coded
puzzle number string in my list.  I would then use the number string to
graphically fill in the blank puzzle, placing an 'X' in boxes corresponding to
zeroes in my coding (for Forbidden Qubes), and '*' in boxes corresponding to
twos (for Advantage Qubes).  Boxes for ones (for Normal Qubes) were left as is.
I would also fill in the unique puzzle code in the header above the puzzle to
identify it and make it possible to search for it in the guide by either
scrolling or using the 'ctrl+F' search function, eliminating any blocks of
numbers in my coding that were not necessary for complete differentiation from
other puzzles (e.g., if there were two puzzles as follows:
         01221 11111 11111 00121 00111 00111
         01221 11112 11111 21010 11101 11111,
they would only need to be listed as "5x6 Puzzle 01221-11111" and "5x6 Puzzle
01221-11112" to completely differentiate them).  After repeating this three
thousand and four hundred times, all of the puzzles were finally mapped out and
on display.  After that, it was easy to decide how to describe each step in the
puzzle solutions (using terms such as 'mark', 'capture', 'bomb', and 'wait').
Now the fun part could begin...

Hypothetically, I could have written out the steps in solving the puzzles
simply by working them out from my diagrams.  But these solutions would still
be missing an essential piece of data: the Typical Rotation Number, or TRN.  It
was vital to learn the TRN for each puzzle in order to determine if any
particular solution was worthy of 'True Genius', 'Brilliant', or merely the
lowly 'Perfect' status (by solving the puzzle in less turns than, equal to, or
more turns than the TRN, respectively), and this figure could only be obtained
by playing the game in 1-player mode over and over (and over, and over) again
in order to see all (or almost all) of the puzzles.  Also, after having played
the game for so long, I was more likely to see the best solution by playing
through a puzzle, trusting my instincts on how best to start it off.  So I set
out to completely burn myself out on Intelligent Qube (and it worked - until
the day I submitted this update, I hadn't touched the game since I first
submitted the guide!).

As I played, as each puzzle appeared, I would quickly commit the front row to
memory, mentally convert it to my numbering system, and then I would search
through my in-progress guide to find the puzzle(s) that corresponded to that
size and front row coding.  Most of the time, I would then have to unpause the
game briefly to look at the puzzle again in order to take in the next couple of
rows, so that I could locate the exact puzzle in my listing.  I would then take
a final glance at the puzzle in-game and pause it once more, just to confirm
that the puzzle in my listing was indeed a perfect match.  At this point, I
would record the TRN.  Next, using first my diagram of the puzzle, I would try
and figure out the best place to start capturing Qubes.  I would then unpause
the game and start doing it for real.  If my initial instincts were fruitful, I
would hopefully achieve True Genius status for that puzzle, and I would then
type out the complete solution into my guide, preserving those most perfect of
scores.  If I was unable to achieve True Genius, then I would often leave the
puzzle solution blank for the time being, after recording the TRN, so that I
could go back to the puzzle later on and try to develop a better solution
later.  For especially tricky puzzles, I would often at least type out the
first couple of moves if I was able to achieve at least Brilliant status, so
that I would have a foundation to work from later on.  If I did this, it was
only because I was confident that my experience with the game would allow me to
recreate the rest of my solution after the first few steps, knowing that
success in solving the puzzles expediently weighs heavily on how well you
started off.

Occasionally, I would come across a puzzle in the game that did not perfectly
match with my diagram.  This was due to the occasional error in either my
initial coding of the puzzle, or in converting my code to the diagrammed puzzle
illustration.  Fortunately, this would not happen often, and I could simply
correct the error in my diagram.  Very seldomly, I would find a puzzle in-game
that I did not seem to have a diagram for at all.  This was likely due to an
error in coding in the first one or two rows of a puzzle.  In these cases, I
would carefully map out the puzzle based on the on-screen version and add it to
my vast database.  Also, I would occasionally come across a diagrammed puzzle
that seemed impossible to complete, due to erroneous Forbidden Qube placement.
In those cases, I fortunately had kept my lists of coded puzzles with the
puzzle numbers as used in Original Mode still attached, so I refer back to the
source to correct my errors.

In order to learn as many of the puzzles' TRNs as possible, it was necessary to
play the game a LOT.  Remember that for each play-through, only a limited
number of puzzles of each size are seen.  For example, you will only see a
total of four 6x8 puzzles during one round of the game (two each in waves 1 and
2 of the sixth stage).  So even in an ideal situation, you would need to play
this stage fifty times in order to see all 200 puzzles.  But in reality, the
puzzles are selected randomly each time from the entire set of 200.  If you
have any awareness of the laws of probability, you would know that it could
take a loooonnnggg time before every single puzzle were displayed at least
once.  So, in an attempt to preserve my sanity, I would play a single stage
over and over again by selecting 'Start Over' from the pause menu when I
reached the end of the stage (and before the next one began) in order to focus
on only one or two puzzle sizes at a time.  For example, if I was working on
the 5x7 and 5x8 puzzles, I would start a new game, play up to stage four, and
then re-start stage four whenever I had just completed the second puzzle in the
fourth wave (though if I already had a solution for that puzzle, I could
restart as soon as I had identified it as such).  I started by doing the
smaller puzzles first and working up to the larger ones.  One could argue that
it would have been more time-efficient to deal with the largest puzzles first,
because once I had finished with them I would no longer need to play as far as
that stage, but I felt that I would do better to ease into producing the larger
and larger solutions gradually.

Now, thanks to those same damned laws of probability, the more puzzles that I
finished (i.e. obtained the TRN and at least attempted to find a True Genius
solution) within a certain puzzle size, the less likely it would be that I
would keep finding new puzzles to solve.  So my rate of filling out the
solutions in this guide exponentially slowed as I progressed within each puzzle
size.  At some point, I would copy down on paper the puzzle identifier codes
that were remaining, to save me the time that it would take to scroll through
my guide as each puzzle appeared during gameplay to see if I had already solved
it or not.  This point usually came when there were perhaps fifty or sixty
puzzles remaining.  Eventually, there would come a time when I would have only
ten to fifteen unsolved puzzles in that puzzle size, and it seemed that no
matter how many times I repeated the stage, I was never fortunate enough to
come across these puzzles.  In producing a guide of this magnitude, I had to
acknowledge my limitations, and I had to accept that a small selection of
puzzles would remain without a confirmed TRN.  For these puzzles, I still typed
out a reasonably expedient solution, but I cannot truly judge how they stand up
to the TRN.

After all of that, it was easy to compose the remaining sections of the guide,
covering gameplay, options and the like.  All in all, this guide took me
approximately eight months to complete, though I certainly was not working
continuously during that span of time.  I had to try to maintain some semblance
of a life, after all.  Again, it may have been crazy of me to even attempt
this, but it was in my head for a long time, tormenting me, and the challenge
of such a massive undertaking intrigued me as an experienced video game guide
writer who aims for total completion in my work.  And at the end of it all, I
felt compelled to lay out my creation process, much in the same way that many
artists in more recognized mediums will describe their methods and sources of
inspiration to anyone who will listen, on the off chance that others may find
insipiration or ideas for their own ventures.

As a final word, I would just like to talk about how after submitting my guide
for posting (and I had no doubt that it would be posted, as I knew that it met
all of GameFAQs quality standards and was a unique offering for a game that had
virtually nothing posted for it), I then had to face the possibility that no
one would ever look at or use it, especially due to the age of the game.  Such
an event wouldn't be devastating, since I wrote the guide primarily for my own
benefit, but it would still be somewhat disappointing.  My fears proved
unfounded, however, as the guide has received a few hits daily since it hit the
web.  I also received one comforting e-mail from a fellow gamer who relaid a
story about how she once drew out all of the levels from Ms. Pac-Man in crayon,
and that she could relate to the passion for order and completion that drove
this body of work.  So after this experience, I have decided to dedicate this
guide to all those people out there who religiously alphabetize their video
games and other media collections, and who otherwise harbour the occasional
obsessive-compulsive impulse.  Please take comfort in knowing that you are not
alone.

   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     5.2 LEGAL INFO
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This document is copyright (c) Marc Lalonde, a.k.a. Syonyx.  It is provided for
personal enjoyment only.  Any use of this guide in whole or in part for
financial profit or in hopes of such profit is expressly forbidden.  Webmasters
may post this guide on their site only if it unchanged in any way and if it is
provided for unlimited viewing by non-paying visitors to that site.  Asking
first would be nice, too.  The game itself and all related trademarks and
copyrights are property of SCEA/SCEI.

   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     5.3 CONTACT INFO
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I hope that you enjoyed this guide, and that it was able to help you improve
your game a bit (or a lot!).  If you want to send me additional puzzle
solutions or other comments or suggestions, please feel free to do so at:
     syonyx_faqs at yahoo dot com

NOTES ON SUBMISSIONS:
   -I am only interested in puzzle solutions for puzzles in which I did not</pre><pre id="faqspan-41">already list a 'True Genius' solution.  All solutions must not contain any
'cheat' techniques to solving them (i.e. they must mark and/or capture only 1
Qube per turn, excluding Advantage Zones, and each turn must be counted) to
make it into this guide.
   -Also, you may have noticed some puzzles with the number of rotations listed
as #/? (e.g. "12/?").  These were the puzzles that, no matter how much I played
the game, just never came up to let me see what the TRN is.  For these, I
listed a reasonably expedient solution, but I can't guarantee that it meets or
beats the TRN.  If you come across any of these puzzles and would like to pass
the correct TRN on to me, that would be greatly appreciated.
   -And finally, I cannot guarantee that this guide is completely without
errors.  It would take superhuman typing skills to fill in the solutions for
3400 puzzles without mis-typing a letter or number once in a while.  If you
come across any glaring errors (like if I indicated to capture a Forbidden
Qube), please bring them to my attention.

AND A LITTLE SHAMELESS SELF-PROMOTION:
I am an avid video game guide writer, and have produced comprehensive guides to
many works, with a predilection for somewhat obscure titles on the Sony
Playstation.  Please see my entire body of work at:
          http://www.gamefaqs.com/features/recognition/35729.html

Thanks for your patronage.  If you want some general advice, don't smoke, eat
decently and exercise once in a while.  You'll be glad you did when you're 80
and still loving life (and still gaming).  This public service announcement has
been brought to you by the letter E.

Copyright 2005-2006 Syonyx.